Law Development Commission, Zimbabwe

                                                                    CHAPTER 22:15
                                                 RESERVE BANK OF ZIMBABWE ACT
                            Acts 5/1999, 22/2001 (s. 4) , 16/2004, 3/2009 (s. 45), 5/2009 (s. 17), 1/2010, 5/2011 (s. 14); SI 115/2010.

                                                        ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS
                                                                           PART I
                                                                         PRELIMINARY
          Section
           1. Short title.
           2. Interpretation.
           3. Application of Act to certain institutions.
                                                                           PART II
                                                                RESERVE BANK OF ZIMBABWE

           4.   Continuation of former Reserve Bank.
           5.   Head office of Bank.
           6.   Functions of Bank.
           7.   Powers of Bank.
           8.   Bank's relations with State.
           9.   Publication of Bank’s discount rates.
          10.   Business with banking institutions.
          11.   Lending powers of Bank and loans to Bank employees.
          12.   Inter-bank clearing and payment arrangements.
          13.   Discount operations of Bank.
                                                                          PART III
                                                            GOVERNOR AND DEPUTY GOVERNORS

          14.   Governor and Deputy Governors.
          15.   Term of office of Governor and Deputy Governors.
          16.   Disqualifications for appointment as Governor or Deputy Governor.
          17.   Vacation of office by Governor or Deputy Governor.
          18.   Terms and conditions of office of Governor and Deputy Governors.
          19.   Functions of Governor.
          20.   Delegation of Governor’s functions.
                                                                          PART IV
                                                               BOARD OF THE RESERVE BANK

          21. Board of the Bank.
          22. Appointment and conditions of office of directors.
          23. Disqualifications for appointment as director.
          24. Vacation of office by director.
          25. Disclosure of interests by members of Board.
          26. Functions of Board.
          27. Chairperson, Deputy Chairperson of Board.
          28. Procedure at meetings of Board.
          29. Committees of Board.
          29A. Audit and Oversight Committee.
          29B. Monetary Policy Committee.
          30. Validity of Board’s decisions and acts.
                                                                          PART V
                                                                    FINANCIAL PROVISIONS

          31.   Capital of Bank.
          32.   Allocation of profits.
          33.   [Repealed].
          34.   Allocation of losses or gains due to exchange rate fluctuations and pursuit of monetary policies.
Law Development Commission, Zimbabwe

          35.   Financial statements.
          36.   Audit of Bank’s accounts.
          37.   Powers of auditors.
          38.   Investigation into Bank’s affairs.
          39.   Returns by Bank.
                                                               PART VI
                                                         BANKNOTES AND COINAGE

          40. Issue of banknotes.
          41. Legal tender of banknotes.
          42. Offences relating to banknotes.
          42A. [Repealed].
          42B. Issue of Reserve Bank vouchers.
          43. Issue of coins.
          44. Legal tender of coins.
          44A. Legal tender of foreign currencies.
                                                               PART VII
                                                            MONETARY POLICY

          45. Bank’s responsibility for monetary policy.
          46. Statements of monetary policy.
                                                               PART VIII
                                   EXCHANGE RATE POLICY, INTERNATIONAL RESERVES AND EXCHANGE CONTROL

          47.   Exchange rate policy.
          48.   Clearing and payment agreements.
          49.   Reserves against domestic and international obligations.
          50.   Reports by dealers in foreign exchange.
                                                               PART IX
                                               ASSISTANCE TO FOREIGN REGULATORY AUTHORITIES

          51.   Request for information by foreign regulatory authority.
          52.   Contents of request.
          53.   Power to require information, documents or other assistance.
          54.   Exercise of powers by officers.
          55.   Penalty for failure to comply with requirement to answer questions, etc.
          56.   Restrictions on disclosure of information.
          57.   Exceptions to restrictions on disclosure.
                                                                PART X
                                                                 GENERAL

          58. Information to banking institutions.
          59. Officers and other employees of Bank.
          60. Preservation of secrecy.
          61. Impersonation of member of Board or officer or employee of Bank.
          62. Powers of Minister upon non-compliance by Bank with Act.
          63. Restriction on names of companies.
          63A. Immunity of Bank, etc.
          63B. Legal proceedings against Bank.
          64. Regulations.
          65. Repeal of Cap 22:10 and savings.
          Extract 1 : Transitional provisions in terms of the Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe Amendment Act, 2010 (No. 1 of
               2010)
          Extract 2 : General Laws Amendment Act, 2011 (No. 5 of 2011), section 14.

           AN ACT to confer and impose functions on the Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe and to provide for its
          management; to regulate the issue of banknotes and coins; to provide for matters connected with bank-
Law Development Commission, Zimbabwe

          ing, currencies, monetary policy and coinage; to provide for the supervision of banking institutions; to
          authorise the provision of information to foreign regulatory authorities; to repeal the Reserve Bank of
          Zimbabwe Act [Chapter 22:10]; and to provide for matters connected with or incidental to the fore-
          going.
                                                                                                 [Date of commencement: 13th August, 1999.]

                                                                    PART I
                                                                  PRELIMINARY

          1   Short title
              This Act may be cited as the Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe Act [Chapter 22:15].
          2   Interpretation
              In this Act—
               “Bank” means the Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe referred to in section four;
               “banking business” means the business of accepting deposits of money withdrawable or repayable on demand
                    or after a fixed period or after notice and the employment of those deposits, in whole or in part, by lending
                    or by any other means for the account and at the risk of the person accepting such deposits;
               “banking institution” means a commercial bank, accepting house, discount house or finance house registered
                    or required to be registered in terms of the Banking Act [Chapter 24:20];
               “Board” means the Board of the Reserve Bank constituted in terms of section twenty-one;
               “demand liabilities” means liabilities which, when they are created, are made payable within thirty days or are
                    made subject to less than thirty days’ notice before payment;
               “Deputy Governor” means a Deputy Governor of the Bank appointed in terms of section fourteen;
               “director” means a member of the Board other than the Governor or a Deputy Governor;
               “foreign country” means any state or territory outside Zimbabwe;
               “foreign regulatory authority” means an authority which, in a foreign country, exercises any function corres-
                    ponding to any regulatory or supervisory function of the Bank in terms of this Act;
               “Governor” means the Governor of the Bank appointed in terms of section fourteen;
               “International Monetary Fund” means the International Monetary Fund established under an agreement which
                    was drawn up at the United Nations Monetary and Financial Conference held at Bretton Woods in New
                    Hampshire in the United States of America in July, 1944;
               “liabilities to the public”, in relation to a banking institution, means all claims, including contingent claims,
                    against that institution which are payable on demand or at a future date;
               “Minister” means the Minister of Finance and Economic Development or any other Minister to whom the
                    President may, from time to time, assign the administration of this Act;
               “monetary policy” means the monetary policy formulated in terms of section forty-five;
               “officer”, in relation to the Bank, includes the Governor, a Deputy Governor and any other employee of the
                    Bank who may be so designated by the Board;
               “Registrar” means the Registrar of Banking Institutions referred to in of section 4 of the Banking Act [Chap-
                    ter 24:20];
               “repealed Act” means the Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe Act [Chapter 22:10];
               “Reserve Bank bearer cheque” means a cheque payable to bearer issued by the Reserve Bank and specifying a
                    predetermined amount and expiry date thereon.
                                                       [Definition inserted by Act 16 of 2004]
                “statutory body” means a body corporate established or re-established directly by or under any enactment for
                     special purposes specified in that enactment;
                “time liabilities” means liabilities which, when they are created, are made payable after thirty days or are made
                     subject to not less than thirty days’ notice before payment.
          3 Application of Act to certain institutions
               (1) The Minister may, by notice in the Gazette, direct that all or any of the provisions of this Act relating to
          banking institutions shall apply, with such modifications and subject to such terms and conditions as he may specify
          in the notice, to
                (a) all building societies established in terms of the Building Societies Act [Chapter 24:02] or any particular
                     such building society or class of such building societies;
                (b) the Post Office Savings Bank operating under the Post Office Savings Bank Act [Chapter 24:10];
          and the provisions concerned shall apply accordingly, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Building So-
          cieties Act [Chapter 24:02] or the Post Office Savings Bank Act [Chapter 24:10].
Law Development Commission, Zimbabwe

               (2) The Minister may at any time amend or revoke a direction in terms of subsection (1) or any term or condi-
          tion thereof.
                                                                   PART II
                                                        RESERVE BANK OF ZIMBABWE

          4    Continuation of former Reserve Bank.
               The Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe established by the repealed Act shall continue in existence as a body corporate
          capable of suing and being sued in its own name and, subject to this Act, of performing all acts that bodies corpo-
          rate may by law perform.
          5 Head office of Bank
               The head office of the Bank shall be in Harare.
          6 Functions of Bank
               (1) The functions of the Bank shall be—
                (a) to regulate Zimbabwe’s monetary system; and
                (b) to achieve and maintain the stability of the Zimbabwe dollar; and
                (c) to foster the liquidity, solvency, stability and proper functioning of Zimbabwe’s financial system; and
                (d) ......
                                                       [Paragraph repealed by Act 1 of 2010]
               (e) to supervise banking institutions and to promote the smooth operation of the payment system; and
                (f) subject to Part VII, to formulate and execute the monetary policy of Zimbabwe; and
               (g) to act as banker and financial adviser to, and fiscal agent of, the State; and
               (h) whenever appropriate and subject to any written directions given to it by the Minister, to represent the
                    interests of Zimbabwe in international or intergovernmental meetings, multilateral agencies and other or-
                    ganisations in matters concerning monetary policy; and
                                                       [Paragraph amended by Act 1 of 2010]
               (i) to provide banking services for the benefit of
                       (i) foreign governments; and
                      (ii) foreign central banks or other monetary authorities; and
                     (iii) international organisations of which Zimbabwe is a party;
                   and
               (j) to participate in international organisations whose objective is to pursue financial and economic stability
                   through international monetary co-operation; and
               (k) subject to any written directions given to it by the Minister, to undertake responsibilities and perform
                   transactions concerning the State’s participation in or membership of international organisations; and
                                                       [Paragraph amended by Act 1 of 2010]
                (l) to exercise any functions conferred or imposed upon it by or in terms of any other enactment.
              (2) Except as otherwise provided in this Act or any other enactment, in the exercise of its functions under this
          Act, the Bank shall not be subject to the direction or control of any other person or authority.
          7 Powers of Bank
              (1) Subject to this Act, in the exercise of its functions the Bank may do all or any of the following—
               (a) make or cause to be made and issue banknotes and coins in accordance with this Act;
               (b) accept money on current account and collect money for customers;
                (c) grant loans and advancements in accordance with section 11;
                                                      [Paragraph substituted by Act 1 of 2010]
               (d) subject to section thirteen, buy, sell, discount or re-discount—
                        (i) bills of exchange and promissory notes drawn or issued for commercial, industrial or agricultural
                             purposes;
                       (ii) bills, notes and other obligations of the State or statutory bodies;
                      (iii) bills, notes and other obligations issued by itself;
               (e) buy, take in exchange, hire or otherwise acquire movable and immovable property necessary or conve-
                    nient for the exercise of its functions, and dispose of or deal in such property whenever necessary;
                (f) buy and sell securities;
               (g) invest its staff and pension funds in such manner as the Board may decide;
               (h) buy, sell or deal in precious metals, and hold in safe custody for other persons gold, securities or other
                    articles of value:
                           Provided that the Bank shall buy, sell or deal in precious metals only to the extent strictly necessary
                    for fulfilling its international obligations in terms of this Act or any other enactment;
                                                        [Proviso inserted by Act 1 of 2010]
Law Development Commission, Zimbabwe

               (i) buy and sell foreign currencies, foreign bills of exchange and bills and other obligations of foreign gov-
                   ernments;
               (j) ......
                                                       [Paragraph repealed by Act 1 of 2010]
               (k) establish branches and agencies within Zimbabwe, appoint agents and correspondents outside Zimbabwe
                    and, with the approval of the Minister, establish branches and agencies outside Zimbabwe;
                (l) effect transfers of money and sell drafts on its branches, correspondents and agents;
              (m) open accounts in foreign countries and act as agent or correspondent for the International Monetary Fund
                    or for any banking institution or other financial institution carrying on business in or outside Zimbabwe;
               (n) make arrangements or enter into agreements, subject to the consent of the Minister, with any banking in-
                    stitution or other financial institution in a foreign country, to borrow, in such manner, at such rates of in-
                    terest and upon such other terms and conditions as it may see fit, any foreign currency which it may con-
                    sider expedient to acquire:
                           Provided that—
                        (i) the Bank shall only borrow foreign currency on behalf of the State and not on its own behalf;
                       (ii) if such borrowing affects the reserve requirements of section 49(2)(a), section 49(3)(a) shall apply
                             to the suspension of the reserve requirements;
                                                        [Proviso inserted by Act 1 of 2010]
               (o) underwrite any loan proposed to be raised by the State or any statutory body:
                         Provided that such loan shall be on terms and conditions that, in the opinion of the Bank, are condu-
                   cive to its successful placement in the market;
               (p) undertake, as agent, the issue and management of loans raised or to be raised within Zimbabwe by the
                   State or a statutory body;
               (q) organise and provide facilities for the collection and clearance of cheques and similar instruments;
               (r) regulate the proceedings and conduct of its business, including the proceedings at meetings of the Board,
                   and the recording of minutes;
               (s) exercise any other powers that may be conferred upon it by or in terms of any other enactment.
              (2) …..
                                                       [Subsection repealed by Act 1 of 2010]
              (3) …..
                                                       [Subsection repealed by Act 1 of 2010]
              (4) …..
                                                       [Subsection repealed by Act 1 of 2010]
              (5) …..
                                                       [Subsection repealed by Act 1 of 2010]
          8   Bank’s relations with State
              (1) The Bank shall act as banker to the State.
              (2) Nothing in this section shall prevent the State from carrying on transactions in such manner as the State
          may require and, if so requested by the State through the Minister in writing, the Bank shall make the necessary
          arrangements to this end.
                                                       [Paragraph amended by Act 1 of 2010]
               (3) When authorized by the Minister to do so, the Bank shall act as agent for the State in the payment of inter-
          est and principal and generally in respect of the issue and management of the public debt of Zimbabwe and addi-
          tionally, or alternatively, the debts of any statutory body.
          9 Publication of Bank’s discount rates
               The Bank shall from time to time fix and publish the rates at which it will discount and re-discount bills, notes
          and other obligations.
          10 Business with banking institutions
               The Bank may maintain accounts on its books for, and accept deposits from, banking institutions, on such
          terms and conditions as it may determine.
          11 Lending powers of Bank and loans to Bank employees
               (1) The Bank shall not—
                (a) lend or advance moneys to, or directly buy, discount or re-discount bills, notes or other obligations from,
                     the State or any fund established by the State so that the amount outstanding at any time exceeds the
                     equivalent of twenty per centum of the previous year’s ordinary revenues of the State; or
                (b) lend or advance money to the State or any fund established by the State unless—
                        (i) the money is denominated in Zimbabwean currency subject to subsection 44A, any other currency
                             there referred to; and
                       (ii) the loan or advance is either—
                                A. repayable within twelve months after the end of the financial year in which it was made; or
Law Development Commission, Zimbabwe

                              B. convertible at the end of the financial year in which it was made into negotiable bearer se-
                                 curities issued by the State and delivered to the Bank;
                     or
                (c) subject to paragraphs (a) and (b), lend or advance money to any statutory body unless the loan or ad-
                     vance—
                         (i) has been approved by the Minister; and
                        (ii) is repayable within twelve months from the date on which it was made; and
                       (iii) if not repaid within the period referred to in subparagraph (ii), is convertible into negotiable bearer
                              securities issued by the State and delivered to the Bank.
               (2) Nothing in subsection (1) shall prevent the Bank from—
                (a) purchasing or selling in a secondary market securities issued by the State on its own account in excess of
                     the maximum amount referred to in subsection (1)(a) in pursuance of the monetary policy of Zimbabwe;
                     or
                (b) investing moneys forming part of its staff and pension funds.
               (3) Any amount payable by the State under any security referred to in subsection (1)(c)(iii) shall be paid from
          the Consolidated Revenue Fund, which is hereby appropriated to the purpose.
               (4) For the purposes of subsection (2)(a), “ordinary revenues of the State” does not include amounts accruing
          to the State through loans, grants or any other form of financial assistance.
               (5) The Bank may, on such terms and conditions as it may determine, act as lender of last resort for banking
          institutions, by granting to them or for their benefit, for periods not exceeding three months—
                (a) loans other than those authorised by section 59 of the Banking Act [Chapter 24:20]; and
                (b) contingent commitments.
               (6) Every loan or contingent commitment referred to in subsection (5) shall be secured by any of the assets
          specified in section 59 of the Banking Act [Chapter 24:20], unless the Bank decides that an unsecured loan or con-
          tingent commitment is justifiable because of exceptional circumstances:
               Provided that no such loan or contingent commitment shall be made by the Bank unless it is a loan or commit-
          ment made in terms of the National Payment Systems Act [Chapter 24:23].
               (7) The Bank may extend the period referred to in subsection (5) on such terms and conditions as the Bank
          may determine, including terms and conditions specifying the measures to be taken by the banking institution con-
          cerned to meet its liquidity requirements.
               (8) Subject to subsection (9), the Bank shall not knowingly extend any loan or advance to or for the benefit of
          any insider or any relative of such insider.
               (9) The Bank may extend any loan or advance to an officer of the Bank as part of the benefits or remuneration
          of the officer under the officer’s contract of employment:
               Provided that—
                (a) no such loans or advances may be given for purposes other than those for which loans or advances are
                     generally or customarily extended to officers and employees of banking institutions in Zimbabwe; and
                (b) the magnitude of such loans or advances shall be reasonably commensurate with similar loans or advances
                     offered to officers and employees of banking institutions in Zimbabwe generally, and unless otherwise
                     permitted by the Board such loans and advances shall not include any cash loans or advances.
               (10) For the purposes of subsection (8)—
                “insider”, in relation to the Bank, means any employee, officer, director or principal shareholder of the Bank,
                     and includes any related interest of such insider;
                “principal shareholder” means any person who owns or controls more than twenty per centum of the shares or
                     voting stock of the Bank;
                “related interest”, in relation to an individual, means any company, co-operative, private business corporation,
                     syndicate or association of persons which the individual controls or in which the individual has the largest
                     single interest.
                                                        [Section substituted by Act 1 of 2010]
          12 Inter-bank clearing and payment arrangements
              The Bank may assist banking institutions in organising facilities for the clearing and settlement of inter-bank
          payments, including payments by cheque or other instruments, and may for that purpose establish such procedures
          and issue such directions to banking institutions as it considers appropriate.
          13 Discount operations of Bank
              (1) The Bank may, in respect of a banking institution which holds an account with the Bank, discount the fol-
          lowing instruments—
               (a) bills of exchange and promissory notes which are payable in Zimbabwe, whether they are denominated in
                    Zimbabwean currency or a foreign currency:
Law Development Commission, Zimbabwe

                           Provided that the Bank shall not discount such a bill or note unless it bears the signatures of at least
                     three solvent parties of which at least one shall be a banking institution, and matures within three months
                     after its acquisition by the Bank; and
                (b) subject to subsection (2) of section seven, bills, notes and other debt securities which are issued or guaran-
                     teed by the State or by the Bank and which are payable in Zimbabwe, whether they are denominated in
                     Zimbabwean currency or a foreign currency:
                           Provided that the Bank shall not discount such a security unless it matures within three months after
                     its acquisition by the Bank; and
                (c) obligations of statutory bodies.
               (2) The discount operations of the Bank shall be subject to such terms and conditions, including the discount
          rate, as the Bank may determine.
               (3) The Bank may, without giving any reasons, refuse to discount any of the instruments referred to in subsec-
          tion (1).
                                                                    PART III
                                                       GOVERNOR AND DEPUTY GOVERNORS

          14 Governor and Deputy Governors
              (1) There shall be a Governor of the Bank and not more than two Deputy Governors of the Bank, who shall be
          appointed, subject to subsection (2) and to section sixteen, by the President after consultation with the Minister.
                                                [Subsection amended by Act 16 of 2004 and Act 1 of 2010]
               (2) The Governor and Deputy Governors shall be appointed for their competence and experience in matters re-
          lating to banking, finance and economics.
               (3) In the event of—
                (a) the absence or temporary incapacity of the Governor, his functions shall be performed by the Deputy
                     Governor or, as the case may be, by a Deputy Governor nominated by the Board;
                                                         [Paragraph amended by Act 1 of 2010]
               (b) a vacancy in the office of the Governor, his or her functions shall be performed on an acting or temporary
                   basis, by the Deputy Governor or, as the case may be, a Deputy Governor appointed by the Governor on a
                   rotational basis.
                                                        [Paragraph substituted by Act 1 of 2010]
          15 Term of office of Governor and Deputy Governors
               (1) Subject to subsection (3), the Governor and every Deputy Governor shall hold office for such period, not
          exceeding five years, as the President may fix on his appointment.
               (2) Subject to subsection (3), upon the expiry of the term of office of the Governor or a Deputy Governor, the
          President, after consultation with the Minister, may re-appoint him or extend his term of office.
               (3) No person shall hold office as Governor or Deputy Governor
                (a) for more than two terms of office; or
                (b) for a period or periods which, in the aggregate, exceed ten years:
               Provided that a person who has served for such terms or period as Deputy Governor shall remain eligible for
          appointment as Governor.
          16 Disqualifications for appointment as Governor or Deputy Governor
               A person shall not be appointed as Governor or Deputy Governor, and no person shall be qualified to hold of-
          fice as Governor or Deputy Governor, if—
                (a) he is a director, shareholder, officer or employee, or a member of any board or committee, of any banking
                     institution; or
                (b) he is a member of Parliament; or
                (c) he has been adjudged or otherwise declared insolvent or bankrupt in terms of a law in force in any coun-
                     try, and has not been rehabilitated or discharged; or
                (d) he has made an assignment to or arrangement or composition with his creditors in terms of a law in force
                     in any country, and the assignment, arrangement or composition has not been rescinded or set aside; or
                (e) he has been convicted of any offence in any country and sentenced to a term of imprisonment imposed
                     without the option of a fine, whether or not any portion of the sentence has been suspended, and he has
                     not received a free pardon; or
                 (f) he has been convicted of an offence involving dishonesty in any country and sentenced to a fine of any
                     amount or to a term of imprisonment of any duration, whether or not any portion of the sentence has been
                     suspended.
          17 Vacation of office by Governor or Deputy Governor
               (1) The Governor or a Deputy Governor shall vacate his office and his office shall become vacant—
Law Development Commission, Zimbabwe

                (a) if he has given the Minister such period of notice in writing of his intention to resign as may be fixed in
                     his terms and conditions of service or, if no such period has been fixed, one month after the date on which
                     he gives such notice or after the expiry of such other period of notice as he and the Minister may agree; or
                (b) on the date he begins to serve a sentence of imprisonment, whether or not any portion has been suspended,
                     imposed without the option of a fine in any country; or
                (c) if he becomes disqualified in terms of section sixteen to hold office; or
                (d) if he is required in terms of subsection (2) to vacate his office.
               (2) The President, after consultation with the Minister, may require the Governor or a Deputy Governor to va-
          cate his office if—
                (a) he has been guilty of conduct which renders him unsuitable to continue to hold office; or
                (b) he has failed to comply with any term or condition of his office fixed in terms of section eighteen; or
                (c) he has shown himself to be incompetent to exercise the functions of the office; or
                (d) he becomes mentally or physically incapable of efficiently exercising his functions.
               (3) On the death of, or vacation of office by, the Governor or a Deputy Governor, the President, in consultation
          with the Minister, shall appoint a person to fill the vacancy:
               Provided that, if on the death of, or vacation of office by, a Deputy Governor another Deputy Governor remains
          in office, the President need not fill the vacancy.
          18 Terms and conditions of office of Governor and Deputy Governors
               (1) The Governor and every Deputy Governor shall hold office on such terms and conditions, including terms
          and conditions relating to remuneration and the payment of allowances, as the Minister may determine.
               (2) Except with the permission of the Minister, neither the Governor nor any Deputy Governor shall engage in
          any occupation of a commercial, industrial or financial nature apart from the functions exercisable by him in terms
          of this Act.
          19 Functions of Governor
               (1) Subject to this Act and any general directions of policy that the Minister or the Board may give him, the
          Governor shall be responsible for the day-to-day management, control, administration, operation and direction of
          the Bank.
               (2) Without limiting the generality of subsection (1), the Governor—
                (a) shall have power to enter into contractual arrangements on behalf of the Bank; and
                (b) shall appoint fit and proper persons to be officers, employees, agents and correspondents of the Bank; and
                (c) shall represent the Bank in any legal proceedings; and
                (d) shall report to the Board at least once in every three months on all matters relating to the administration
                     and conduct of the Bank’s operations.
          20 Delegation of Governor’s functions
               Subject to this Act and any directions that the Board may give him or her, the Governor may delegate to any
          Deputy Governor or to any other officer or employee of the Bank any function conferred or imposed upon him by
          or in terms of this Act, other than the power of further delegating the function so delegated.
                                                        [Section amended by Act 1 of 2010]

                                                                  PART IV
                                                        BOARD OF THE RESERVE BANK

          21 Board of the Reserve Bank
             (1) There shall be a Board of the Reserve Bank which shall be responsible for formulating the policy of the
          Bank and supervising the Bank’s administration and operations.
             (2) The Board shall consist of the Governor and the Deputy Governor or both Deputy Governors, as the case
          may be, and a person employed in the Ministry of Finance appointed by the Minister and not fewer than five or
          more than nine directors.
                                                      [Subsection amended by Act 1 of 2010]
          22 Appointment and conditions of office of directors
               (1) Subject to this section and section twenty-three, directors shall be persons who are or have been actively
          engaged in financial, commercial, industrial or agricultural pursuits, appointed by the President after consultation
          with the Minister.
               (2) Unless he vacates his office earlier, a director shall hold office for a period of four years from the date of
          his appointment.
               (3) On the expiry of the period for which a director has been appointed, he shall continue to hold office until he
          has been reappointed or his successor has been appointed:
               Provided that a director shall not hold office in terms of this subsection for more than six months.
Law Development Commission, Zimbabwe

               (4) Subject to section twenty-three, a director who resigns or retires shall be eligible for reappointment to the
          Board:
               Provided that—
                 (i) a director shall not be reappointed more than once;
                (ii) the period for which a director is reappointed shall not exceed four years.
               (5) A director shall hold office on such terms and conditions, including terms and conditions relating to remu-
          neration and the payment of allowances, as the Board may fix with the approval of the Minister.
               (6) A director may be paid, in addition to the remuneration and allowances referred to in subsection (5), such
          recompense for expenses he incurs in connection with his duties as the Board may determine.
          23 Disqualifications for appointment as director
               (1) No person shall be appointed as a director and no person shall be qualified to hold office as a director, if—
                (a) he is a director, shareholder, officer or employee, or a member of any board or committee, of a banking
                     institution; or
                (b) he is a member of Parliament; or
                (c) he is a member of two or more other statutory bodies; or
                (d) he has been adjudged or otherwise declared insolvent or bankrupt in terms of a law in force in any coun-
                     try, and has not been rehabilitated or discharged; or
                (e) he has made an assignment to or composition with his creditors in terms of a law in force in any country,
                     and the assignment, arrangement or composition has not been rescinded or set aside; or
                 (f) he has been convicted of any offence in any country and sentenced to a term of imprisonment imposed
                     without the option of a fine, whether or not any portion of the sentence has been suspended, and he has
                     not received a free pardon; or
                (g) he has been convicted of an offence involving dishonesty in any country and sentenced to a fine of any
                     amount or to a term of imprisonment of any duration, whether or not any part of the sentence has been
                     suspended.
               (2) For the purposes of paragraph (c) of subsection (1), a person who is appointed to a council, board or other
          authority which is a statutory body or which is responsible for the administration of the affairs of a statutory body
          shall be regarded as a member of that statutory body.
          24 Vacation of office by director
               (1) A director shall vacate his office and his office shall become vacant—
                (a) after giving the Minister such period of notice in writing of his intention to resign as may be fixed in his
                     terms and conditions of service or, if no such period has been fixed, one month after the date on which he
                     gives such notice or after the expiry of such other period of notice as he and the Minister may agree; or
                (b) on the date he begins to serve a sentence of imprisonment, whether or not any portion has been suspended,
                     imposed without the option of a fine in any country; or
                (c) if he becomes disqualified in terms of section twenty-three to hold office; or
                (d) if he is required in terms of subsection (2) to vacate his office.
               (2) The President, after consultation with the Minister and the Board, may require a director to vacate his of-
          fice if—
                (a) he has been guilty of conduct which renders him unsuitable to continue to hold office; or
                (b) he has failed to comply with any term or condition of his office fixed in terms of subsection (5) of section
                     twenty-two; or
                (c) if he contravenes section twenty-five; or
                (d) he becomes mentally or physically incapable of efficiently exercising his functions; or
                (e) he has been absent without the Board’s permission from three consecutive regular meetings of the Board,
                     of which he has been given not less than seven days’ notice, and the President is satisfied that there was
                     no just cause for the director’s absence.
          25 Disclosure of interests by members of Board
               (1) Before the Governor or a Deputy Governor or director performs any function as such, he shall disclose in
          writing to the President the full extent of
                (a) every occupation, service or employment in which he or his spouse engages for remuneration; and
                (b) all assets held by him or his spouse, in excess of such value as the President may specify.
               (3) As soon as possible after he or his spouse
                (a) commences any occupation, service or employment for remuneration; or
                (b) acquires any asset in excess of such value as the President may have specified in terms of paragraph (b) of
                     subsection (1);
          the Governor and every Deputy Governor and director shall disclose that fact in writing to the President.
Law Development Commission, Zimbabwe

          26 Functions of Board
               (1) Subject to this Act and any general directions of policy that the Minister may give the Board, the functions
          of the Board shall be—
                (a) ......
                                                       [Paragraph repealed by Act 1 of 2010]
               (b) ......
                                                       [Paragraph repealed by Act 1 of 2010]
                (c) to determine the reserves that banking institutions are required to maintain with the Bank in terms of sec-
                     tion 30 of the Banking Act [Chapter 24:20]; and
                (d) to advise the Minister on matters concerning the foreign exchange policy of Zimbabwe and to approve
                     measures for determining the foreign exchange value of the Zimbabwean currency; and
                (e) to monitor the financial system of Zimbabwe and to keep under review the effect of the Bank’s monetary
                     policy on that system and on the economy as a whole; and
                 (f) to approve all rules, guidelines and general instructions governing the conduct of the affairs of the Bank;
                     and
                (g) to approve all reports and recommendations made by the Bank to the Minister or to Parliament; and
                (h) to approve all advances by the Bank to the State; and
                 (i) to approve the discounting of instruments having a maturity period of more than three months from the
                     date of their acquisition by the Bank and, with the approval of at least four of the members present, to ap-
                     prove each of the Bank’s loans to, or contingent commitments for the benefit of, a banking institution pur-
                     suant to section eleven; and
                 (j) to establish or close, in or outside Zimbabwe, subsidiaries, branch offices or agencies of the Bank; and
                (k) with the approval of the Minister, to prepare the budget of the Bank; and
                 (l) to determine the general terms and conditions of service of the officers, employees, agents and correspon-
                     dents of the Bank; and
               (m) to make proposals to the Minister for the increase in the authorised capital of the Bank and, with the con-
                     sent of the Minister, to establish special reserves on the books of the Bank and the level of such reserves;
                     and
                (n) to approve the annual reports and financial statements of the Bank; and
                (o) to determine the debt securities suitable for the investment of the financial resources of the Bank, includ-
                     ing the staff and pension funds of the Bank.
              (2) Subject to this Act, the Board may delegate to the Governor, either absolutely or subject to conditions, any
          function conferred or imposed upon it by or in terms of this Act.
              (3) A delegation of a function in terms of subsection (2) shall not preclude the Board from itself exercising the
          function concerned.
          27 Chairperson, Deputy Chairperson of Board
              (1) The Governor shall be chairperson of the Board.
              (2) The deputy chairperson of the Board shall be chosen by the President, after consultation with the Minister,
          from among the non-executive Board members.
              (3) If for any reason the chairperson is not present at any meeting of the Board, the deputy chairperson shall
          preside as chairperson at that meeting.
              (4) If for any reason the chairperson and the deputy chairperson are both not present at any meeting of the
          Board, the members present shall elect one of their number to preside as chairperson at the meeting.
                                                       [Section substituted by Act 1 of 2010]
          28 Procedure at meetings of Board
               (1) A majority of members of the Board shall form a quorum at any meeting of the Board.
               (2) The decision of the majority of the members of the Board present at any meeting shall constitute the deci-
          sion of the Board.
               (3) At all meetings of the Board each member present shall have one vote on each question before the Board:
               Provided that, in the event of an equality of votes, the person presiding at the meeting shall have a casting vote
          in addition to a deliberative vote.
               (4) The Board shall meet not less frequently than once in every calendar month.
                                                       [Subsection inserted by Act 1 of 2010]
              (5) There shall be minutes taken of all proceedings at every meeting of the Board which shall be submitted to
          the Minister as soon as practicable and in any case no later than seven days after each following meeting.
                                                       [Subsection inserted by Act 1 of 2010]
          29 Committees of Board
              (1) Subject to section 29A, the Board may appoint committees of two or more of its members and may dele-
          gate to them such functions as it thinks fit.
                                                      [Subsection amended by Act 1 of 2010]
Law Development Commission, Zimbabwe

               (2) The delegation of functions to a committee in terms of subsection (1) shall not preclude the Board from it-
          self exercising the functions concerned.
          29A Audit and Oversight Committee
               (1) There shall be a committee of the Board called the Audit and Oversight Committee, chaired by the Deputy
          Chairman of the Board and consisting of a person employed in the Ministry of Finance and three other non-
          executive members of the Board.
               (2) The, Audit and Oversight Committee shall meet at least twice in each financial year and as often as may be
          necessary.
               (3) The functions of the Audit and Oversight Committee shall be—
                (a) review the operations of the Bank to ensure that they are conducted in compliance with the Act and in
                     accordance with best corporate practice; and
                (b) to establish appropriate accounting procedures and accounting controls in respect of the conduct of the
                     Bank; and
                (c) to ensure compliance with the procedures established in terms of paragraph (a); and
                (d) to assist the Board to evaluate the adequacy and efficiency of the internal control systems, accounting
                     practices, information systems and auditing processes applied in the day to day management of the Bank;
                     and
                (e) to introduce such measures as in its opinion may enhance the objectivity reports prepared with reference
                     to the Bank; and
                 (f) to recommend to the Board the appointment of a suitably qualified person as the auditor of the Bank.
               (4) The Audit and Oversight Committee shall embody its deliberations resolutions or recommendations in a
          report to the Minister and the Board.
               (5) Decisions of the Audit and Oversight Committee shall be decided by a majority vote of the members
          present:
               Provided that no member shall abstain from any vote to be taken.
               (6) Subject to this section, the procedure to be adopted by the Audit and Oversight Committee shall be fixed by
          the Board.
                                                       [Section inserted by Act 1 of 2010]
          29B Monetary Policy Committee
               (1) There shall be a Monetary Policy Committee independent of the Board consisting of the Governor as
          chairperson, the Deputy Governor or Deputy Governors, as the case may be, the deputy chairperson of the Board,
          and not less than five or more than seven other persons appointed by the President after consultation with the Minis-
          ter.
               (2) The members of the Monetary Policy Committee appointed under subsection (1) must have knowledge,
          experience or expertise in matters relating to finance, banking and fiscal or monetary policy.
               (3) The Monetary Policy Committee’s functions are—
                (a) to determine the monetary policy of Zimbabwe, including the setting of limits on open market operations
                    by the Bank; and
                (b) to ensure price stability as defined by the Government’s inflation target set out in the National Budget;
                    and
                (c) to determine interest rates for the economy in line with the Government’s economic policies and targets
                    for growth and employment; and
                (d) to perform such other functions related to monetary policy, as the Minister may prescribe by regulations.
               (4) The Monetary Policy Committee shall submit its findings to the Board for information purposes only.
                                                       [Section inserted by Act 1 of 2010]
          30 Validity of Board’s decisions and acts
             No decision or act of the Board or act done under the authority of the Board shall be invalid solely because—
             (a) the Board did not consist of the full number of members for which provision is made in section twenty-
                  one; or
             (b) a disqualified person sat or acted as a member at the time the decision was taken or the act was done or
                  authorized, unless at that time the Board knew of his disqualification.
                                                                  PART V
                                                           FINANCIAL PROVISIONS

          31 Capital of Bank
              The Bank’s capital stock shall be in the amount of two million United States dollars or its equivalent in other
          currencies, all of which shall be issued to the State.
                                                      [Section substituted by Act 1 of 2010]
Law Development Commission, Zimbabwe

          32 Allocation of profits
               (1) The Bank shall establish a general reserve fund to which shall be allocated the amount of two million dol-
          lars together with the further amounts set out in subsection (2).
               (2) The ascertained surplus available from the operations of the Bank during each of its financial years, after
          meeting all current expenditures and losses and after making provision for bad and doubtful debts, depreciation of
          assets, pensions, gratuities or other benefits payable to its officers and employees, together with such other items as
          are usually provided for by bankers, shall be applied by the Board as follows—
                (a) while moneys in the general reserve fund established in terms of subsection (1) are less than three times
                    the capital of the Bank, ten per centum of the surplus shall be allocated to that fund and the residue of the
                    surplus shall be paid into the Consolidated Revenue Fund:
                          Provided that no payment into the Consolidated Revenue Fund shall be made if it would result in the
                    assets of the Bank, as reflected on the Bank’s balance sheet, being less than the sum of the Banks assets
                    and unencumbered capital and reserves;
                (b) when moneys in the general reserve fund established in terms of subsection (1) are equal to or more than
                    three times the capital of the Bank, the whole of the surplus shall, subject to section thirty-three, be paid
                    into the Consolidated Revenue Fund.
          33 ….
                                                        [Section repealed by Act 1 of 2010]


          34 Allocation of losses or gains due to exchange rate fluctuations and pursuit of monetary poli-
                 cies
               (1) Any loss suffered by the bank as a result of depreciation in any gold or foreign assets held by the Bank
          which is caused by any change in the value of the Zimbabwe dollar or in the values of foreign currencies or the val-
          ue of gold in relation to the Zimbabwe dollar shall be charged to the Consolidated Revenue Fund, and any profit
          earned by the Bank as a result of the appreciation in any gold of foreign assets held by the Bank which is caused by
          such change shall be paid into the Consolidated Revenue Fund.
               (2) Any payment from the Consolidated Revenue Fund to the Bank under subsection (1) shall be made upon
          request by the Bank and any payment by the Bank to the Consolidated Revenue Fund shall be made in accordance
          with arrangements approved by the Minister.
               (3) If at any time the Bank suffers loss determined in Zimbabwe dollars as a direct result of pursuing policies
          designed to achieve its objectives under this Act, particularly the maintenance of price stability and the proper func-
          tioning of a stable financial system, such loss shall be borne by the Bank.
               (4) For the purposes of subsection (1), a certificate by the Comptroller and Auditor-General as to the amount
          of the profit earned or loss suffered by the Bank shall be evidence of the amount of the profit or loss.
          35 Financial statements
               For each financial year, the accounts of the Bank shall be prepared in accordance with generally accepted ac-
          counting practices and shall include—
                (a) a statement of the Bank’s assets and liabilities for that financial year; and
                (b) an operating statement showing the revenue and expenditures of the Bank for that financial year by refer-
                     ence to the functions carried out by the Bank; and
                (c) a statement showing the Bank’s cash flows for that financial year; and
                (d) a statement of the Bank’s commitments as at the close of that financial year; and
                (e) a statement of the Bank’s contingent liabilities at the close of that financial year; and
                 (f) a statement of the Bank’s accounting policies; and
                (g) such other information as the Minister may direct in order to give a fair reflection of the Bank’s financial
                     operations and position for that financial year.
          36 Audit of Bank’s accounts
               (1) The accounts of the Bank shall be audited by one or more persons who are registered as public auditors in
          terms of the Public Accountants and Auditors Act [Chapter 27:12] and are appointed for the purpose by the Minis-
          ter.
               (2) The auditors appointed in terms of subsection (1) shall make a report to the Board and to the Minister on
          the Bank’s accounts, and in their report shall state whether or not in their opinion the statements referred to in para-
          graphs (a) to (f) of section thirty-five give a true and fair view of the Bank’s affairs.
               (3) In addition to the report referred to in subsection (2), the Minister or the Board may require the auditors
          appointed in terms of subsection (1) to provide such other reports, statements or explanations in connection with the
          Bank’s activities, funds or property as the Minister or the Board, as the case may be, considers expedient, and the
          auditors shall forthwith comply with any such requirement.
               (4) If, in the opinion of the auditors appointed in terms of subsection (1)
                (a) they have not obtained any information or explanation they require; or
Law Development Commission, Zimbabwe

                (b) any accounts or records relating to any accounts have not been kept properly by the Bank; or
                (c) the Bank has not complied with any provision of this Act;
          the auditors shall include in their report made in terms of subsection (2) or (3), as the case may be, a statement to
          that effect.
               (5) The cost of anything done by auditors in terms of this section shall be borne by the Bank.
          37 Powers of auditors
               (1) An auditor referred to in section thirty-six shall be entitled at all reasonable times to require to be produced
          to him all accounts and records relating to any accounts which are kept by the Bank or its agents and to require from
          any member of the Board or any officer, employee or agent of the Bank such information and explanations as, in
          the auditor’s opinion, are necessary for the purposes of that section.
               (2) Any member of the Board or any officer, employee or agent of the Bank who
                (a) fails or refuse to provide an auditor with any information or explanation required by him in terms of sub-
                     section (1); or
                (b) hinders or obstructs an auditor in the exercise of his functions in terms of section thirty-six;
          shall be guilty of an offence and liable to a fine not exceeding level four or to imprisonment for a period not exceed-
          ing three months or to both such fine and such imprisonment.
                                                       [Subsection amended by Act 22 of 2001]
          38 Investigation into Bank’s affairs
               The Minister may at any time cause an investigation to be made into the affairs of the Bank by one or more
          persons authorised by him in writing to do so, and section thirty-seven shall apply, mutatis mutandis, in relation to
          any such investigation.
          39 Returns by Bank
               (1) In this section
                “Treasury” means the Secretary of the Ministry for which the Minister is responsible or such other officer in
                    that Ministry as may be deputed by the Secretary to perform his functions in terms of this section.
               (2) The Bank shall—
                (a) as soon as practicable after the close of business on every Friday or, where any Friday is a public holiday,
                    on the nearest preceding business day, submit to the Treasury a return in a form approved by the Minister
                    and containing a statement of the Bank’s liabilities and assets; and
                (b) within three months after the close of its financial year, transmit to the Treasury two copies of its annual
                    accounts signed by the Governor, every Deputy Governor and the Secretary of the Bank and certified by
                    the Bank's auditor:
                          Provided that a director authorized to do so by the Board may sign the accounts, instead of the Gov-
                    ernor or any Deputy Governor; and
                (c) when called upon to do so by the Minister by notice in writing, make to the Minister, within the period
                    specified in the notice, such further returns as may be so specified.
               (3) The Treasury shall cause every return received in terms of paragraph (a) of subsection (2) to be published
          in the Gazette as soon as practicable after it has been received.
               (4) The Minister shall lay a copy of every account received in terms of paragraph (b) of subsection (2) before
          Parliament on one of the fourteen days on which Parliament next sits after the account is received by him.
               (5) The Minister may at any time direct that subsections (2) and (3) shall be suspended for such period as he
          may determine if, in his opinion, it is in the public interest that they be suspended.
                                                                   PART VI
                                                           BANKNOTES AND COINAGE

          40 Issue of banknotes
               (1) Subject to subsection (3), the Bank shall have the sole right to make or cause to be made and to issue bank-
          notes in Zimbabwe.
               (2) The President shall determine the denominations, designs, form or material which shall be used in the mak-
          ing of banknotes.
               (3) The Bank shall not issue any banknotes unless the Minister, by statutory instrument, has specified the mat-
          ters determined by the President in respect of those banknotes in terms of subsection (2).
          41 Legal tender of banknotes
               (1) A tender of a banknote which has been issued by the Bank and which has not been demonetised in terms of
          subsection (2) shall be legal tender in payment within Zimbabwe of the amount expressed in the note.
               (2) The President may, by statutory instrument, call in and demonetise any banknotes issued by the Bank, and
          shall likewise determine the manner in which and the period within which payment for such banknotes shall be
          made to the holders thereof.
Law Development Commission, Zimbabwe

          42 Offences relating to banknotes
              (1) In this section—
                “banknote” includes any banknote which has at any time been legal tender in Zimbabwe.
              (2) Any person who—
                (a) without the authority of the Bank, engraves or makes upon any material whatsoever any words, figures,
                    letters, marks, lines or devices, the print of which resembles in whole or in part any words, figures, letters,
                    marks, lines or devices peculiar to and used in or upon any banknote; or
                (b) wilfully defaces, soils or damages any banknote or writes or places any drawing thereon or attaches there-
                    to anything in the nature of an advertisement; or
                (c) knowing that it is to be used for an unlawful purpose, has in his possession any material whatsoever upon
                    which has been engraved or made any such words, figures, letters, marks, lines or devices as are men-
                    tioned in paragraph (a);
          shall be guilty of an offence and liable—
                        (i) in the case of an offence referred to in paragraph (a) or (b), to imprisonment for a period not ex-
                             ceeding seven years;
                       (ii) in the case of an offence referred to in paragraph (c), to a fine not exceeding level four or to impri-
                             sonment for a period not exceeding three months or to both such fine and such imprisonment.
                                                       [Subsection amended by Act 22 of 2001]
          42A ….
                                                         [Section repealed by Act 1 of 2010]
          .
          42B Issue of Reserve Bank vouchers
              (1) If the Bank is of the opinion that a shortage of currency of any denomination to pay the remuneration of
          members of the Public Service or other employees of the State is imminent or is in existence which needs to be
          dealt with urgently in the interests of public order or the economic interests of the State, it may, with the consent of
          the Minister, authorise the issue of Reserve Bank vouchers specifying thereon a predetermined amount in any cur-
          rency that is redeemable at the Bank subject to any one or more of the following conditions, namely conditions as
          to—
               (a) the redemption or negotiability of the voucher by persons other than the Bank, if any;
               (b) the goods or services or classes of goods or services which the voucher may be used to purchase;
                (c) the retail or other outlets or classes of retail or other outlets at which the voucher may be used to purchase
                    goods and services;
               (d) the expiry date of the voucher, if any.
              (2) A Reserve Bank voucher which is tendered in accordance with any conditions subject to which it is issued
          and which has not expired shall be legal tender in payment within Zimbabwe of the amount expressed in the vouch-
          er.
              (3) Section 42 applies to Reserve Bank vouchers as it applies to banknotes.
                                                         [Section inserted by Act 3 of 2009]
          43 Issue of coins
               (1) Subject to subsection (6), the Bank shall have the sole right to make or cause to be made and to issue coins
          in Zimbabwe.
               (2) No piece of gold, silver, copper, bronze or nickel, or of any metal or mixed metal of any value whatsoever,
          shall be made in the likeness of or used as a coin or token for money except to the order of the Bank.
               (3) All the coins to be made and issued under this Act shall be minted at a mint approved for the purpose by
          the Minister.
               (4) Subject to subsections (5) and (6), the Bank may cause to be made and may issue coins of gold and of sil-
          ver, bronze, cupro-nickel or other metal or mixed metal.
               (5) The President shall determine the denominations and designs of any coins to be made and issued in terms
          of this section, the standard composition and the standard mass of such coins and the remedy or variation from the
          standard composition or standard mass which shall be allowed in the making of the coins.
               (6) The Bank shall not issue any coins unless the Minister, by statutory instrument, has specified the matters
          determined by the President in respect of those coins in terms of subsection (5).
          44 Legal tender of coins
               (1) In this section—
                “coins of current mass” means coins which have not been—
                       (a) impaired, diminished or lightened otherwise than by fair wear and tear; or
                       (b) defaced by having any name, word, number or device stamped thereon.
               (2) A tender of payment of money within Zimbabwe, if made in coins of current mass which have not been
          demonetised in terms of subsection (3), shall be legal tender—
Law Development Commission, Zimbabwe

               (a) in the case of coins in denominations higher than five cents, for the payment of an amount not exceeding
                    two thousand cents;
               (b) in the case of coins in the denominations of five cents and under, for the payment of an amount not ex-
                    ceeding two hundred cents.
              (3) The President may, by statutory instrument, demonetise any coins issued by the Bank and shall likewise
          determine the manner in which and the period within which payment for such coins shall be made to the holders
          thereof.
          44A Legal tender of foreign currencies
              The Minister may, in regulations made under section 64, prescribe that, subject to such conditions as may be
          specified in the regulations, a tender of payment in any currency other than Zimbabwean currency shall be legal
          tender in all transactions or in such transactions as may be specified in the regulations.
                                                        [Section inserted by Act 5 of 2009]

                                                                 PART VII
                                                              MONETARY POLICY

          45 Bank’s responsibility for monetary policy
             The Bank, in consultation with the Minister, shall be responsible for the formulation and implementation of the
          monetary policy of Zimbabwe.
          46 Statements of monetary policy
             In June and December of each year, the Governor shall submit to the Minister a policy statement containing—
              (a) a description of the monetary policy to be followed by the Bank during the next succeeding six months,
                   and a statement of the reasons for those policies; and
              (b) a statement of the principles that the Bank proposes to follow in the implementation of the monetary poli-
                   cy; and
              (c) an evaluation of the monetary policy and its implementation for the last preceding six months.
                                                                PART VIII
                                   EXCHANGE RATE POLICY, INTERNATIONAL RESERVES AND EXCHANGE CONTROL

          47 Exchange rate policy
               (1) The exchange rate policy of Zimbabwe shall be formulated by the Minister in consultation with the Board,
          and in doing so the Minister shall ensure that the exchange rate policy is consistent with the objectives of the mone-
          tary policy of Zimbabwe.
               (2) The Bank shall be responsible for implementing the exchange rate policy formulated in terms of subsection
          (1).
               (3) The Bank may, for the purpose of maintaining the value of the Zimbabwe dollar and for such other purpos-
          es as it considers necessary or expedient, buy, sell, and hold gold and foreign exchange assets.
          48 Clearing and payment agreements
               The Bank may, either for its own account or for the account of or by order of the State, enter into clearing and
          payment agreements or any other similar agreement with public or private central clearing institutions outside Zim-
          babwe.
          49 Reserves against domestic and international obligations
               (1) The Bank shall establish and maintain reserves which shall consist of all or any of the following assets—
                (a) gold or foreign assets convertible into gold; or
                (b) foreign exchange in the form of notes and coins or account balances held by the Bank abroad in foreign
                     currencies; or
                (c) any other internationally recognised reserve assets; or
                (d) bills of exchange and promissory notes, payable in foreign currencies; or
                (e) securities that have been issued or guaranteed, and net entitlements of the Bank under loan agreements,
                     forward purchase and repurchase agreements, swap agreements, options and other agreements that have
                     been concluded with or guaranteed by, foreign states, foreign central banks or international financial or-
                     ganisations, and that are denominated and provide for payment in foreign currencies.
               (2) The Bank shall maintain sufficient reserves—
                (a) to cover one hundred per centum of its liabilities to the public, held in foreign currency accounts in any
                     banking institution; and
                (b) that in its opinion will be adequate for the execution of the monetary and exchange rate policies of Zim-
                     babwe and the prompt settlements of the country’s international obligations.
               (3) In relation to the reserves kept for the purpose of—
Law Development Commission, Zimbabwe

                (a) subsection (2)(a), the Minister may suspend, for a period not exceeding sixty days, the reserve require-
                     ments there mentioned, and may extend such period for further periods not exceeding sixty days each, but
                     no such suspension shall continue for a period longer than six months unless the House of Assembly by
                     resolution approves of such continuation; and
                (b) subsection (2)(b), if the reserves there mentioned have declined or, in the opinion of the Bank are in dan-
                     ger of declining to such an extent as to jeopardise the execution of the monetary or exchange rate policies
                     of Zimbabwe or the prompt settlement of the country’s international obligations, the Bank shall submit to
                     the Minister—
                        (i) a report on the reserve position specifying the causes which have led or may lead to such a de-
                             cline, together with such recommendations as it considers necessary to remedy the situation; and
                       (ii) such further reports and recommendations as the Bank considers advisable until such time as, in
                             its opinion, the situation has been remedied.
               (4) The Bank shall, not later than seven days after the end of each quarter, submit a quarterly statement of the
          state of the Bank’s reserves kept for the purpose of subsection (2)(b) to the Minister and the Minister shall table
          such statement before the House of Assembly on any one of fourteen sitting days that the House of Assembly sits
          after the Minister receives such statement.
               (5) The Bank shall establish such reserves, in addition to those specified in subsections (1) and (2), as the Mi-
          nister may from time to time direct in writing.
                                                        [Section inserted by Act 1 of 2010]
          50 Reports by dealers in foreign exchange
              Persons dealing in foreign currency shall provide the Bank with such information as the Bank may require in
          regard to their foreign currency dealings, and shall provide the information at such times and in such form as may
          be prescribed.
                                                                  PART IX
                                              ASSISTANCE TO FOREIGN REGULATORY AUTHORITIES

          51 Request for information by foreign regulatory authority
              (1) Subject to this Part, if a foreign regulatory authority requests the Governor for assistance in connection
          with inquiries being carried out for the purpose of its regulatory functions, the Governor shall grant the assistance
          sought if he is satisfied that it is in the public interest to do so.
              (2) In deciding whether it is in the public interest to grant assistance in terms of subsection (1), the Governor
          may take into account all or any of the following factors—
                (a) whether corresponding assistance would be given by the foreign country to the Governor or an authority
                    exercising regulatory functions in Zimbabwe;
                (b) whether the inquiries relate to the possible breach of a law or other requirement which has no close paral-
                    lel in Zimbabwe or involves the assertion of a jurisdiction not recognised by Zimbabwe;
                (c) the seriousness of the matter to which the inquiries relate and the importance to the inquiries of the infor-
                    mation sought in Zimbabwe;
                (d) whether the assistance could be sought and granted under any enactment relating to mutual assistance in
                    civil or criminal matters.
              (3) The Governor may refuse to grant assistance in terms of subsection (1) unless the foreign regulatory au-
          thority undertakes to make such contribution towards the costs of exercising his functions under this Part as the
          Governor considers appropriate.
          52 Contents of request
              A request for assistance in terms of section fifty-one shall contain such information and particulars as may be
          prescribed:
              Provided that failure to comply with prescribed conditions shall not be a ground for refusing to grant the re-
          quest.
          53 Power to require information, documents or other assistance
              (1) In this section—
               “document” includes information recorded in any form and, where information is recorded otherwise than in
                    legible form, the power to require its production includes the power to require the production of a copy of
                    it in legible form.
              (2) For the purpose of providing assistance requested by a foreign regulatory authority in terms of section fifty-
          one, the Governor may require any person—
                (a) to appear before him at a specified time and place and answer questions or otherwise furnish information
                    with respect to any matter relevant to the inquiries; and
                (b) to produce at a specified time and place any document which appears to the Governor to relate to any mat-
                    ter relevant to the inquiries; and
Law Development Commission, Zimbabwe

                (c) otherwise to give him such assistance in connection with the inquiries as he is reasonably able to give.
               (3) For the purposes of subsection (2), the Governor shall have the same powers as a commissioner under the
          Commissions of Inquiry Act [Chapter 10:07], other than the power to order a person to be detained in custody, and
          sections 9 to 13 and 15 to 18 of that Act shall apply, mutatis mutandis, in relation to the exercise of the functions of
          the Governor under subsection (2).
               (4) A person shall not under this section be required to disclose information or produce a document which he
          would be entitled to refuse to disclose or produce in a court of law on grounds of confidentiality as between client
          and legal practitioner, but a legal practitioner may be ordered to furnish the name and address of his client.
               (5) Where a person claims a lien on a document, its production in terms of this section shall be without preju-
          dice to his lien.
          54 Exercise of powers by officers
               (1) The Governor may delegate to any officer of the Bank or any other competent person any of the powers
          conferred on him by section fifty-three.
               (2) A delegation in terms of subsection (1) shall not be made except for the purpose of investigating—
                (a) the affairs, or any aspects of the affairs, of a person specified in the delegation; or
                (b) a specified subject-matter;
          by a person who, or a subject-matter which, is the subject of the inquiries being carried out at the request of a for-
          eign regulatory authority.
               (3) No person shall be compelled to comply with a requirement imposed by a person exercising powers by vir-
          tue of a delegation in terms of subsection (1) unless he has produced evidence of his authority.
               (4) A person shall not by virtue of a delegation in terms of subsection (1) be required to disclose any informa-
          tion or produce any documents in respect of which he owes an obligation of confidence by virtue of carrying on the
          business of banking unless—
                (a) the imposing on him of a requirement with respect to such information or documents has been specifically
                    authorized by the Governor; or
                (b) the person to whom the obligation of confidence is owed consents to the disclosure or production.
               (5) Where in terms of subsection (1) the Governor delegates powers to a person other than an officer of the
          Bank, that person shall report to the Governor in such manner as the Governor may require on the exercise of the
          powers and the results of exercising them.
          55 Penalty for failure to comply with requirement to answer questions, etc.
               (1) Any person who without reasonable excuse fails to comply with a requirement under section fifty-three,
          whether by the Governor or by his delegate, shall be guilty of an offence and liable to a fine not exceeding level five
          or to imprisonment for a period not exceeding six months or to both such fine and such imprisonment.
                                                      [Subsection amended by Act 22 of 2001]
               (2) Any person who, in response to a requirement under section fifty-three, whether by the Governor or his
          delegate, furnishes information which he knows to be false or misleading in a material particular, or recklessly fur-
          nishes information which is false or misleading in a material particular, shall be guilty of an offence and liable to a
          fine not exceeding level seven or to imprisonment for a period not exceeding two years or to both such fine and
          such imprisonment.
                                                      [Subsection amended by Act 22 of 2001]
          56 Restrictions on disclosure of information
               (1) Subject to section fifty-seven, any information relating to the business affairs of a person which is—
                (a) supplied by a foreign regulatory authority in connection with a request for assistance; or
                (b) obtained in terms of section fifty-three;
          shall not be disclosed for any purpose by the Governor or his delegate or by any person obtaining the information
          directly or indirectly from him, without the consent of the person from whom the Governor obtained the informa-
          tion or the person to whom it relates.
               (2) Information shall not be treated as information to which this section applies if it has been made available to
          the public by virtue of being disclosed in any circumstances in which, or for any purpose for which, disclosure is
          not prohibited by this section.
               (3) Any person who contravenes this section shall be guilty of an offence and liable to a fine not exceeding
          level seven or to imprisonment for a period not exceeding two years or to both such fine and such imprisonment.
                                                      [Subsection amended by Act 22 of 2001]
          57 Exceptions to restrictions on disclosure
             Information to which section fifty-six applies may be disclosed—
              (a) to any person with a view to the institution of, or otherwise for the purposes of any criminal, civil or dis-
                  ciplinary proceedings against the concerned person; or
              (b) for the purpose of enabling or assisting a public authority with an interest in the matter to discharge any
                  relevant function; or
Law Development Commission, Zimbabwe

               (c) to the Minister, if the disclosure is made in the interests of investors or in the public interest; or
               (d) if the information is or has been available to the public from other sources; or
               (e) in a summary or collection of information framed in such a way as not to enable the identity of any person
                    to whom the information relates to be ascertained; or
                (f) in pursuance of any obligation to the public.
                                                                    PART X
                                                                     GENERAL

          58 Information to banking institutions
              The Bank may establish and maintain an information network for the supply of information to banking institu-
          tions in such form as it considers appropriate for the better carrying out of its functions under this Act.
          59 Officers and other employees of Bank
              (1) The Bank may appoint such officers, other than a Governor or Deputy Governor, and other employees as it
          considers to be necessary for the efficient conduct of the business of the Bank.
              (2) Officers and other employees of the Bank referred to in subsection (1) shall hold office for such period or
          periods, receive such salaries and allowances and be subject to such other terms and conditions of service as may be
          determined in terms of this Act.
              (3) The Board may, out of the funds of the Bank, establish and maintain, or contribute to, a pension fund for
          the Governor, every Deputy Governor and other officers and employees of the Bank and their dependants.
          60 Preservation of secrecy
              (1) Except for the purpose of the performance of his functions or when lawfully required to do so by any court
          or under any enactment, no director, officer, employee or agent of the Bank shall disclose to any person any infor-
          mation relating to the affairs of the Bank or of a customer of the Bank which he has acquired in the course of the
          performance of his functions.
              (2) Any person who contravenes subsection (1) shall be guilty of an offence and liable to a fine not exceeding
          level seven or to imprisonment for a period not exceeding two years or to both such fine and such imprisonment.
                                                      [Subsection amended by Act 22 of 2001]
          61 Impersonation of member of Board or officer or employee of Bank
               Any person who
                (a) not having been appointed as a member of the Board or as an officer or employee of the Bank, purports to
                    act, whether inside or outside Zimbabwe, as such a member, officer or employee; or
                (b) whether inside or outside Zimbabwe, does any act or omission in obedience to the direction of a person
                    referred to in paragraph (a), knowing that the person was not a member of the Board or an officer or em-
                    ployee of the Bank, as the case may be;
          shall be guilty of an offence and liable to a fine not exceeding level ten or to imprisonment for a period not exceed-
          ing five years or to both such fine and such imprisonment.
                                                       [Section substituted by Act 16 of 2004]
          62 Powers of Minister upon non-compliance by Bank with Act
               If at any time it appears to the Minister that the Bank has failed to comply with any provision of this Act, he
          may, by notice in writing, require the Board to make good or remedy the default within a specified time, and the
          Board shall forthwith take all such steps as are necessary to ensure due compliance with any such provision.
          63 Restriction on names of companies
               (1) Except with the consent of the Registrar, no company shall be registered under the Companies Act [Chap-
          ter 24:03] by a name, and no person shall, for the purposes of business, use any name, which includes, in conjunc-
          tion with the word “bank”, “bankers”, “banking” or “saving”, any of the words “central”, “national”, “reserve”,
          “State”, “Zimbabwe” or “Zimbabwean”.
               (2) If a company, through inadvertence or otherwise, is registered, whether originally or by reason of a change
          of name, by a name which is in conflict with subsection (1), the Registrar, by order in writing, may order the com-
          pany to change its name and the company shall do so within a period of six weeks from the date of the written order
          or within such longer period as the Registrar may allow.
          63A Immunity of Bank, etc.
               No claim shall lie against the State, the Minister, the Bank, the Board, the Governor, a Deputy Governor or any
          employee of the Bank for anything done in good faith and without negligence under the powers conferred by this
          Act.
                                                         [Section inserted by Act 1 of 2010]
          63B Legal proceedings against bank
              The State Liabilities Act [Chapter 22:13] applies with necessary changes to legal proceedings against the Bank,
          including the substitution of references therein to a Minister by references to the Governor.
                                                   [Section inserted by section 14 of Act 5 of 2011]
Law Development Commission, Zimbabwe

          64 Regulations
               The Minister, in consultation with the Board, may make regulations prescribing anything which in terms of this
          Act is required to be prescribed or which, in his opinion, is necessary or convenient to be prescribed for carrying out
          or giving effect to the provisions of this Act.
          65 Repeal of Cap. 22:10 and savings
               (1) The Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe Act [Chapter 22:10] is repealed.
               (2) Notwithstanding subsection (1)—
                (a) any person appointed as a Governor, Deputy Governor or director under the repealed Act shall continue in
                    office for the unexpired term of his office;
                (b) any person appointed as an officer, other than a Governor or Deputy Governor, or as an employee, agent
                    or correspondent of the Bank under the repealed Act shall continue in office as if he had been appointed in
                    terms of this Act;
                (c) any statutory instrument, notice or instruction which, immediately before the date of commencement of
                    this Act, was in force under the repealed Act shall continue in force mutatis mutandis, as if it had been
                    made under the appropriate provision of this Act and may be amended or repealed accordingly;
                (d) any direction given or decision, order or other thing whatsoever made, done or commenced which, imme-
                    diately before the date of commencement of this Act, had or was capable of acquiring force and effect in
                    terms of the repealed Act shall continue to have or, as the case may be, to be capable of acquiring force
                    and effect as if it had been given, made, done or commenced, as the case may be, in terms of this Act;
                (e) the Governor, Deputy Governors and directors referred to in paragraph (a) shall, as soon as practicable
                    after the date of commencement of this Act, make the disclosure required by section twenty-five.

          _________________________________________________________________________________


          The following extracts numbered 1 and 2 have been reproduced as although relevant to the Reserve
          Bank of Zimbabwe Act [Chapter 22:15], it may not have been possible to incorporate them or parts
          thereof in the Act. – Law Reviser.

          Extract 1.

           TRANSITIONAL PROVISIONS IN TERMS OF THE RESERVE BANK OF ZIMBABWE AMENDMENT
                                        ACT, 2010 (NO. 1 OF 2010)

          19 Transitional provisions
              (1) Subject to subsection (2) the Bank shall dispose of any shares held by it in any company incorporated in
          Zimbabwe in which it has a majority shareholding.
              (2) Subsection (1) does not apply to the companies specified in the Schedule.
              (3) No shares or any assets of a company referred to in subsection (1) shall be sold by the Bank except with the
          leave of the Minister responsible for finance, and where such leave is given, the Bank shall first apply the proceeds
          thereof to meeting on a pro rata basis any liability of the Bank towards banking institutions arising from the defi-
          ciency, if any, that, on the date of commencement of this Act is found to exist between—
               (a) the total minimum reserve balances deposited by banking institutions on or before that date with the Bank
                     in compliance with section 30 of the Banking Act [Chapter 24:20]; and
               (b) the total minimum reserve balances referred to in paragraph (a) that are actually held by the Bank on that
                     date.
              (4) Not later than one month after the date of commencement of this Act, every member of the Board shall
          make a full disclosure in writing of the matters referred to in section 25(1) of the principal Act to the Board, the
          Minister and President.
              (5) Any word or expression to which a meaning has been assigned in the principal Act shall bear the same
          meaning when used in this section.

                                                     SCHEDULE (Section 19(2))
           COMPANIES WHOSE SHARES ARE TO BE RETAINED BY THE RESERVE BANK OF ZIMBABWE

                1. Fidelity Printers and Refiners (Private) Limited.
                2. Aurex (Private) Limited.
Law Development Commission, Zimbabwe

          _________________________________________________________________________________

          Extract 2.

                       GENERAL LAWS AMENDMENT ACT, 2011 (ACT NO. 5 OF 2011, SECTION 14

               14 New section inserted in Cap. 22:15
               (1) With effect from the 18th June, 2010, the Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe Act [Chapter 22:15] (No. 5 of 1999)
          is amended by the insertion of the following section after section 63A—

          “63B Legal proceedings against Bank
              The State Liabilities Act [Chapter 22:13] applies with necessary changes to legal proceedings against the Bank,
          including the substitution of references therein to a Minister by references to the Governor.”.

               (2) The amendment made by subsection (1) shall apply to proceedings against the Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe
          that were pending on the 18th June, 2010.
