Mbundire v Buttress (SC 13 of 2011, Civil Appeal 114 of 2009) [2011] ZWSC 13 (23 May 2011)




     Mbundire v Buttress (SC 13 of 2011, Civil Appeal 114 of 2009) [2011] ZWSC 13 (23 May 2011)


 COUNTRY                         Zimbabwe

 COURT                           Supreme Court Of Zimbabwe,

 JUDGES                          Cheda AJA,

 PARTIES                         Mbundire v Buttress

 DATE DELIVERED                  23 May 2011
CASE JUDGEMENT

Judgment No. 13/11

Civil Appeal No. 114/09

REPORTABLE ZLR (8)

MATTHEW MBUNDIRE v TYRONE SIM BUTTRESS


SUPREME COURT OF ZIMBABWE

ZIYAMBI JA, GARWE JA & Cheda AJA

HARARE, JUNE 22, 2010 & MAY 24, 2011


T Pasirayi, for the appellant

No appearance for the respondent



GARWE JA: At the conclusion of the hearing of this matter in the High Court, the court inter alia granted
absolution from the instance in respect of the appellant's claim for general damages, future expenses and
replacement value for his motor vehicle. It is only against that portion of the judgment that the appellant has
appealed to this Court.


The facts of this case are as follows. On 23 July 2006, the appellant was involved in a serious road accident with
the respondent at the intersection of Breach Road and Kingsmead Road in Borrowdale, Harare. As a result of the
accident the appellant sustained serious injuries. He was conveyed to Parirenyatwa Hospital whilst in a coma.
Thereafter he was detained in the High Dependency Unit for seventeen (17) days. He spent seven-and-a-half (7)
months at St. Giles Rehabilitation Centre. He spent a total of about one-and-half (1) years undergoing
hospitalization.

It was accepted during the trial that prior to the accident the appellant had been active in sport and that he had
been in charge of sport and discipline at St Johns College, Borrowdale. In particular he was in charge of rugby,
swimming, hockey and athletics at the school.


The court a quo found on the evidence that the accident was the result of gross negligence on the part of the
respondent. In considering the appellant's claim for general damages, the court a quo found as a fact that the
appellant will require surgical operations, regular physiotherapy and medication for the rest of his life. The court
also found that he experiences weaknesses of the forearm and arm on the left side and that he will suffer from
pain for a very long time. A report prepared by Professor Kalangu stated that the lower plexus should show good
improvement but did not indicate to what extent he was likely to improve. The court was of the view that in the
absence of evidence from the two doctors who attended to the appellant, the extent of his disability was
debatable. On that basis the court a quo granted absolution from the instance.


On the question of future medical attention, the court accepted that the appellant will require transport to attend
physiotherapy and rehabilitation and that he will require future medical attention. However, the court reached the
conclusion that the plaintiff had failed to show how many sessions he would be required to undertake to enable
the court to assess the future expenses that he was likely to incur. On that basis the court also granted absolution
from the instance.


On the question of the replacement value of the motor vehicle, the court a quo came to the conclusion that since
delictual damages are calculated as at the time of the delict, the appellant had failed to explain satisfactorily the
delay between the time of issuance of the summons and the time when quotations were obtained. In particular
the court was of the view that consideration of factors such as inflation in the calculation of delictual damages
would amount to altering the quantum of the debt and would be in conflict with the principle of currency
nominalism. As a result, the court a quo also granted absolution from the instances.


In his grounds of appeal, the appellant has attacked the decision of the court a quo on three bases. These are:

               1. That the court a quo erred in failing to consider the evidence placed before it and thereafter to
               exercise its discretion to make an award for general damages in favour of the appellant.

               2. The court a quo erred in failing to consider the evidence placed before it and thereafter in
               exercising its discretion to make an award for future medical expenses in favour of the appellant.

               3. The court a quo erred in applying the principle of currency nominatism and in failing to
               exercise its discretion to make an award in favour of the appellant for the replacement value of his
               motor vehicle.


The appellant seeks an order that para 2 of the order of the court a quo be set aside and that the respondent be
ordered to pay (a) the sum of US$50 000.00, being the equivalent of Z$1 billion as at the date of judgment, as
general damages together with interest thereon at the rate prevailing in the United States of America from the
date of judgment to date of payment in full; (b) the sum of US$5 000.00, being future medical expenses together
with interest thereon at the rate prevailing in the United States from the date of judgment to the date of payment;
and (c) the sum of US$8 000.00 being the replacement value of the appellant's motor vehicle.


It is appropriate at this stage to consider the approach that has been followed by the Courts in the assessment of
damages in general, and special damages in particular. In Hersman Shapiro & Co 1926 TPD 367, 379-80
STRATFORD J observed:


       "" monetary damage having been suffered, it is necessary for the Court to assess the amount and make
       the best use it can of the evidence before it. There are cases where the assessment by the Court is very
       little more than an estimate; but even so, if it is certain that pecuniary damage has been suffered, the
       Court is bound to award damages. It is not so bound in the case where evidence is available to the
       plaintiff which he has not produced; in those circumstances the Court is justified in giving, and does give,
       absolution from the instance. But where the best evidence available has been produced, though it is not
       entirely of a conclusive character and does not permit of a mathematical calculation of the damages
       suffered, still, if it is the best evidence available, the Court must use it and arrive at a conclusion based
       upon it "".


In Ebrahim v Pittman N.O.1995(1) ZLR 176H, 187C-D BARTLETT J quoted with approval the remarks of
BERMAN J in Aarons Whale Rock Trust v Murray & Roberts Ltd & Anor 1992(1) SA 652(C), 655H-656F that:


       "Where damages can be assessed with exact mathematical precision, a plaintiff is expected to adduce
       sufficient evidence to meet this requirement. Where, as is the case here, this cannot be done, the plaintiff
       must lead such evidence as is available to it (but of adequate sufficiency) so as to enable the court to
       quantify his damage to make an appropriate award in his favour. The court must not be faced with an
       exercise in guesswork; what is required of a plaintiff is that he should put before the court enough
       evidence from which it can, albeit with difficulty, compensate him by an award of money as a fair
       approximation of his mathematically unquantifiable loss.? ?


       There must of course be sufficient evidence before the court for it to be in a position to make a proper
       assessment of damages, for


       "" it is not competent for a court to embark upon conjecture in assessing damages where there is no
       factual basis in evidence, or an inadequate factual basis, for an assessment, and it is not competent to
       award an arbitrary approximation of damages to a plaintiff who has failed to produce available evidence
       upon which a proper assessment of the loss could have been made?:


       per ROSE INNES AJ in Monumental Art Co v Kenston Pharmacy (Pty) Ltd 1976(2) SA 111 (C) at 118E.
       See also Mkwananzi v van der Merwe & Anor 1970(1) SA 609(A) at 630.


       Thus where evidence is available to a plaintiff to place before the court to assist it in quantifying
       damages, and this is not produced, so that it is impossible for the court to do so, or there is no, or quite
       insufficient evidence which can be produced by an unfortunate plaintiff, he must fail and the defendant
       must be absolved from the instance"".


In The Quantum of Damages in Bodily and Fatal Injury cases, 3 ed by Corbett, Buchanan & Gauntlett, the
learned authors state as follows at p 99:


       "In the case of damages which are capable of exact mathematical computation, such as, for example,
       medical and hospital expenses, proper evidence establishing the loss and substantiating the precise
       amount of the claim must be tendered. Where, on the other hand, mathematical proof of the damages
       suffered is in the nature of things impossible, then, provided that there is evidence that pecuniary damage
       in this regard has been suffered, the court must estimate the amount of the damages as best as it can on
       the evidence available and the plaintiff cannot be non-suited because the damages cannot be exactly
       computed. However, the application of this principle is dependent upon the plaintiff having adduced the
       best evidence available to him. Where he has not done so and the difficulties in assessing the quantum of
       damages are due to the manner in which he has conducted his case, then the court is justified in ordering,
       and does order, absolution from the instance."


The remarks made in the authorities cited above no doubt correctly reflect the law on the approach to damages in
bodily and fatal injury cases both in this country and South Africa.


The first ground of appeal that falls for determination by this Court is whether the court a quo erred in failing to
consider the available evidence and thereafter making an award for general damages in favour of the appellant.
The amount claimed as general damages before the court a quo was the sum of Z$1 billion as at the date of
judgment. The Z$1 billion claimed represented damages for pain and suffering, disability, bodily disfigurement,
shock, discomfort, loss of amenities of life and shortened life expectancy. The court a quo delivered its judgment
on 16 April 2009 and in respect of this particular claim granted absolution from the instance. The basis for that
decision was that the remark by Dr Kalangu in his report that "lower plexus should show good improvement'
was imprecise. The court a quo was of the view that it was not clear to what extent the improvement would
affect the degree of disability. Further, although the report alluded to the need for a repeat study after six months,
no such examination appears to have been undertaken. In view of the medical opinion that the appellant's
condition could improve with rehabilitation and treatment, the court concluded that the extent of the disability
was debatable and that therefore the appellant had not placed sufficient evidence before the court to enable it to
make a proper assessment.


It is correct, as the court found, that no further tests were done to ascertain the degree to which the appellant was
likely to recover. The fact that the appellant had sustained very serious injuries from which he could never fully
recover was common cause. The court accepted that following the accident he had had to be hospitalized for
about one-and-a-half years. The court accepted the report by Dr Kalangu that the appellant had sustained
"complete paralysis of the left and complete paralysis of both lower limbs? (sic). The radiological investigations
had revealed a fracture of the left clavicle, fracture of the spine in C5 and C6 and dislocation of the vertebra in
C5-6 associated with spinal cord compression. Dr Kalangu estimated the percentage of disability at 60%. He
further found that the appellant will have pain for a long time and he will require physiotherapy. The court also
accepted the report by Professor Meikle of the Clinical Neurophysiology Laboratory, Harare Hospital, that the
appellant had weakness of all the muscle groups in the left arm with no movement in the shoulder and elbow
muscles. The Professor found the upper plexus to have been seriously injured with no sign of recovery "at
present' but the lower plexus was expected to show good improvement. Although the Professor recommended
repeat studies in six months, as already noted, nothing further appears to have happened after the preparation of
that report.


The court a quo found that the accident had had a serious effect on the appellant who before the accident had
been in charge of sport at St Johns College, Borrowdale, and had generally been active in short. His condition
after the accident had also affected his relationship with his daughter who, it appeared, simply could not
understand why her father could no longer engage in the activities he used to.


The court a quo further accepted as fact that the appellant will for the rest of his life require medical attention,
including operations, regular physiotherapy and medication.


It certainly would have helped had the appellant undergone further examination thereafter so that the exact
degree of his injuries could have been ascertained. This notwithstanding, the evidence placed before the court in
my view was sufficient to enable the court to make an award. As WATERMEYER JA aptly put it in Sandler v
Wholesale & Coal Supplies Ltd 1941 AD 194, 199:


       "" it must be recognized that though the law attempts to repair the wrong done to a sufferer who has
       received personal injuries in an accident by compensating him in money, yet there are no scales by which
       pain and suffering can be measured, and there is no relationship between pain and money which makes it
       possible to express the one in terms of the other with any approach to certainty. The amount to be
       awarded as compensation can only be determined by the broadest general considerations and the figure
       arrived at must necessarily be uncertain, depending upon the judge's view of what is fair in all the
       circumstances of the case."


The extent of the injuries sustained was substantiated. The doctors suggested that there was some possibility of
improvement but this could only be determined if a repeat study was carried out at a later stage. During the trial,
the appellant said nothing about such a repeat study. The court itself did not ask in order to clarify the situation.
The failure to lead evidence on this should not have resulted in the appellant being non-suited. As stated in the
Quantum of Damages in Bodily and Fatal Injury Cases, op cit, at p 99, in a case such as the present, a Court
does not grant absolution but may tend towards conservatism in assessing the damages. The learned authors
state:


       "The general attitude of the court has been that if there if evidence upon which an estimate not unfair to
       the defendant can be made, it should not refuse to make an award merely on account of the deficiencies
       in the case presented upon the plaintiff's behalf. Nevertheless, the failure to adduce such evidence would
       normally operate to the disadvantage of the plaintiff in that, in its absence, the court would normally tend
       towards conservatism in computing the damages."


In my view, this is the approach that the court a quo should have adopted. I would agree with the appellant that
the finding of absolution in these circumstances resulted in an injustice. It is not uncommon in claims for general
damages for a plaintiff to claim, and a Court to award, individual damages for pain and suffering, disfigurement,
loss of amenities of life and shortened life expectancy ? see The Quantum of Damages in Bodily and Fatal Injury
cases, op cit, at p 46. The finding of absolution must therefore be set aside.


The amount claimed as at the date of commencement of the trial in October 2008 was the sum of Z$1 billion.
Judgment was given six months later in April 2009. At the time the country was gripped by a hyperinflation
environment which quickly eroded the value of money. In February 2009, however, the multiple currency
system was introduced. Whilst the Zimbabwean dollar remained legal tender, it is a fact that transactions in the
local currency ceased effectively rendering the Zimbabwean dollar valueless. At the time that the court was
asked to make its determination, the appellant was seeking the sum of Z$1 billion. It is that claim that should
have been considered by the court a quo.


In terms of s 6 of the Presidential Powers (Temporary Measures) (Currency Revaluation and Issue of New
Currency) Regulations S.I. 6/2009 financial institutions were instructed to accept between 2 February 2009 and
30 June 2009 Old Zimbabwean currency at the rate of one trillion dollars for one dollar of the new currency
system. In terms of s 8 of the Regulations, debts incurred before 2 February 2009 were deemed to have been
incurred, entered, created or transferred in terms of the old currency system and were to be settled, discharged or
liquidated in terms of the old currency system provided, however, that on or after 1 July 2009 every debt was to
be settled, discharged or liquidated in terms of the new currency system only. In the definition, section, "debt'
includes anything which may be sued for or claimed by reason of any obligation arising from statute, contract,
delict or otherwise.


By operation of the law therefore the claim by the appellant for general damages in the sum of Z$1 billion stood
to be dealt with in terms of above regulations. The one billion dollars claimed under the old currency equated to
a fraction of a cent under the new currency system.


Considering the extent of the injuries sustained by the appellant, the claim for damages in the sum of Z$1 billion
may not have been an unreasonable sum at the time of commencement of the trial proceedings. However, the
law, through Statutory Instrument 6/09, has converted what would otherwise have been a substantial claim to a
most trivial one.


The result is obviously a most unfair one and the appellant and the general public would be excused for thinking
that there is something seriously wrong with the law or at least the way it works. The legislature should have
been alive to the obvious injustices that were to follow especially because on 1 February 2009 the Government
introduced the multiple currency system under which it became possible to enter into transactions denominated
in other currencies ? see s 17 of the Finance (No. 2) Act 2/09. That Act regularized the introduction of other
foreign currencies as legal tender with effect from 1 February 2009.


In his notice of appeal the appellant has requested that his previous claim of Z$1 billion be substituted with the
figure of US$50 000.00. The appellant in his heads of argument has argued that the amendment is justified,
regard being had to the current economic conditions of the country where an award in Zimbabwean dollars
would render such compensation meaningless. Alternatively, the appellant has argued that the Court, in the
exercise of its discretion, can make an award based on the record using the current multiple currency system. No
authority for that proposition has been cited. Whether or not such a proposition would violate the principle of
currency nominalism has not been explored or commented upon. Whether or not the approach in Makwindi Oil
Procurement (Pvt) Ltd v National Oil Company of Zimbabwe 1989(3) SA 191(SC) can be extended to cover a
situation such as the present has also not been explored. An action for damages for bodily injury is derived not
from Roman Law but from Teutonic Law but like the Aquilian Action it seeks to place the plaintiff as far as
possible in the position he would have been had the wrongful act causing him injury not been committed. Such a
result cannot be achieved by making an award of a fraction of the Zimbabwean cent in favour of the appellant.


In all the circumstances, I am satisfied that there is need for a full investigation into the question of the damages
that ought to be awarded in this case. This Court has not had the benefit of argument on this very important
issue. It seems to me that the most appropriate approach would be to remit the matter to the court a quo for
consideration of the whole question of damages. In Halwick Investments t/a Whelson Transport v Garai Stephen
Nyamwanza SC-48-09 this court clarified the circumstances under which a matter can be remitted to a trial court.


The second ground of appeal is that the court a quo erred in failing to exercise its discretion to make an award
for future medical expenses in favour of the appellant. In its judgment the court a quo accepted that the plaintiff
will require transport to attend physiotherapy and rehabilitation. However, the court found that it had not been
shown how many sessions the appellant will be required to undertake although the appellant had proved that
each session would cost $5.00. On that basis the court a quo granted the respondent absolution from the instance.


During oral submission before this Court, Mr Pasirayi, the appellant's legal practitioner, conceded that the
evidence led was incomplete as it was not clear how long the appellant would require pain medication and
physiotherapy. He accepted that had evidence been led on this aspect, the Court would have been in a position to
properly assess the future medical expenses.


It is clear that the evidence led on future medical expenses was insufficient and that although the evidence was
available, none was led to show for how long the appellant would require pain medication and physiotherapy
sessions. In these circumstances the court, in my view, correctly granted absolution from the instance.


The third and last ground of appeal is that the court a quo erred in applying the principle of currency nominalism
and in failing to exercise its discretion to make an award in favour of the appellant for the replacement value of
his motor vehicle.


It is apparent from the record that when the appellant initially issued summons in July 2007, he sought damages
for, inter alia, pecuniary loss of the motor vehicle that was damaged in the sum of Z$500,000,000.00 (old
currency). This figure was, in the appellant's own opinion, the replacement value of the vehicle at the time. What
then happened after that was that on 24 September 2008 ? shortly before the commencement of the trial ? the
appellant obtained two quotations from Borrowdale Auto and Tandem Motors in respect of a similar vehicle i.e.
a 1991 Nissan Sunny with 121 000 kilometres on the clock. Both gave quotations for US$8 000.00. The
appellant conceded during evidence that he obtained new quotations in US currency owing to inflation. The
court a quo was of the view that the delay between the time when summons was issued and the quotations
obtained had not been satisfactorily explained and that the explanation given that this had been done to take into
account inflation would amount to altering the quantum of the debt and would be in conflict with the principle of
currency nominalism.


It is correct, as the court a quo found, that in general terms damages should be assessed as at the time of the
delict. The basic principle underlying an award of damages in the aquilian action is that the compensation must
be assessed so as to place the plaintiff, as far as possible, in the position he would have occupied had the
wrongful act causing him injury not been committed. It is also established that the fall in the value of money is to
be taken into account in considering comparable awards. The allowance for inflation is a rough one and should
incline towards conservation - The Quantum of Damages in Bodily and Fatal Injury Cases, op cit, at pp 7"8.


The amount initially claimed by the appellant as representing the replacement cost of the vehicle was the sum of
Z$500 000 000.00. This was later amended to US$8 000.00 shortly before the trial. No authority has been cited
for such an approach in a matter involving partrimonial loss. Had the respondent been called upon to pay shortly
after the accident, he would have paid no more than Z$500 000 000.00 old currency. The suggestion that owing
to inflation he must now pay US$8 000.00 is not based on any legal principle and would be in conflict with the
principle of currency nominalism ? see the remarks of MAKARAU JP (as she then was) in Edward Marume &
Ellen Chamunorwa v Todd Muranganwa HH-27-07. Bearing in mind that the appellant was obliged to prove his
claim for damages for the damaged vehicle as at the date of the delict, the amended claim in US dollars made
shortly before the trial has no basis in law. It is now established, certainly in South Africa, that a monetary debt
has to be paid according to its nominal value and, to take into account inflation, interest is then added on that
debt until payment is made in full. In this regard I can do no better than quote the remarks of E M GROSSKOPF
JA in SA Eagle Insurance Co. Ltd v Hartley 1990 (4) SA 833, 841C-F that:


       "" non-economic loss is not susceptible of measurement in money. Any figure which is awarded cannot
       be other than artificial and, if the aim is that justice meted out to all litigants should be even-handed
       instead of depending on the idiosyncracies of the assessor, the figure must be "basically a conventional
       figure derived from experience and from awards in comparable cases? (Ward v James [1965] 1 All ER
       563 (CA) at 576E). The need for even-handedness requires that, when comparing awards in comparable
       cases, regard must be had to the purchasing power of the currency at the time when such cases were
       decided, otherwise one would not be comparing comparables. This does not offend against the principle
       of currency nominalism. In assessing general damages one is dealing, not with a monetary debt, but with
       the valuation of a non-monetary loss. Such a valuation must obviously be made in terms of currency
       values as they are at the time of valuation, and not in terms of the values of an earlier time. In the same
       way, as it was put in argument, a valuer determining the present value of a farm would not use the
       currency values of the past. A monetary debt is not, however, subject to a similar type of valuation. It has
       to be paid according to its nominal value.? (The emphasis is my own)


I am not persuaded therefore that the court a quo erred in coming to the conclusion that the appellant had failed
to establish the claim for US$8 000.00. In any event, prior to the introduction of the multiple currency system in
February 2009, it was not competent, except in the instances outlined in the Makwindi case supra, to institute
claims for amounts denominated in foreign currency.


In the result therefore the appeal succeeds only to the extent that the order granting absolution from the instance
in respect of general damages must be set aside.


On the question of costs, I am of the view that as the appellant has only been partially successful on appeal, an
order that each party pays its own costs would be most appropriate.


In the result I make the following order:

               1. The appeal succeeds to the extent that the finding of absolution from the instance in respect of
               the claim for general damages is set aside.

               2. The claim for general damages is remitted to the court a quo for determination.

               3. Each party is to pay its own costs.


               ZIYAMBI JA: I agree


               CHEDA JA: I agree



Gill, Godlonton & Gerrans, appellant's legal practitioners
