                                      INTERNATIONAL MONETARY FUND

     Crisis Resolution in the Context of Sovereign Debt Restructuring: A Summary of
                                      Considerations

                          Prepared by Policy Development and Review Department

                                         In consultation with other Departments

                                              Approved by Timothy Geithner

                                                         January 28, 2003


I. Introduction .............................................................................................................................2

II. Policy Issues in Restoring Sustainability ...............................................................................3
        A. The Economic Implications of Debt Restructurings..................................................3
        B. Implications for Policies.............................................................................................5
        C. Defining the Adjustment Path ....................................................................................5
        D. Dealing with Banking Crises ...................................................................................11
        E. Dealing with Capital Outflows.................................................................................17

III. The Overall Coordinating Framework for Sovereign Debt Restructuring .........................22

IV. Role of Fund Financing ......................................................................................................27

V. Issues for Discussion............................................................................................................30


Boxes
1. Recent Sovereign Debt Restructurings.... ...............................................................................6
2. Experience with Banking Crises in Selected Sovereign Restructuring Cases ......................13
3. Exchange Controls in Sovereign Restructurings ..................................................................18
4. Spillovers into the Corporate Sector ....................................................................................20
5. Coordination Issues in Sovereign Debt Restructuring..........................................................24
6. The Role of the Fund in the Debt Restructuring Process......................................................28

Figure
1. Coordinating Framework for Sovereign Debt Restructuring.................................................9
                                            -2-




                                      I. INTRODUCTION


1.      This paper discusses a range of economic policy issues that arise when a
sovereign debt restructuring is part of the crisis resolution framework. Sovereign debt
restructuring will typically take place in very difficult macroeconomic circumstances,
requiring a policy response that confronts the widespread disruption that is likely to occur.
Efforts to restructure sovereign debt will generally need to be complemented by a wide range
of other measures to help a country to emerge from the crisis and to regain sustainability. A
successful restructuring will require coordination both with the country's economic program
and between a diverse group of domestic and external creditors. This paper surveys this
broad policy agenda as part of the Fund’s work on crisis prevention and resolution, and
serves as a companion to the staff's recent paper on the Sovereign Debt Restructuring
Mechanism (SDRM).1

2.      Not all crises originate with the sovereign. Crises can emerge from debt difficulties
in a number of areas, notably creditor’s fears of generalized insolvency or illiquidity of the
banking system, a vulnerable financial position of the corporate sector, as well as doubts
about the ability of a sovereign to service or refinance its internal or external obligations.
Experience shows that, while a crisis may originate in imbalances or balance sheet
mismatches of a specific sector of the economy, it may rapidly spread to others and lead to an
abrupt outflow of capital. Corporate insolvency or sovereign difficulties affect the banking
system, banking sector problems involve implicit or explicit guarantees of the sovereign, and
attempts by resident and nonresident investors to seek safer havens deplete foreign exchange
reserves and exacerbate external debt servicing problems. The size of these shocks and the
speed with which they occur and spill across sectors pose complicated policy challenges,
particularly as crises, regardless of their origins, often result in considerable financial
difficulties for the sovereign.

3.      A sovereign debt restructuring can therefore be necessary in two broad sets of
circumstances. First, the sovereign’s unsustainable debt can itself be the source of the
country’s financial difficulties and must therefore be restructured. Second, the crisis can
originate in the nonsovereign sector, but the cost of the crisis—both in terms of lost output
and the liabilities the government incurs during the crisis—makes the sovereign’s debt
unsustainable.

4.     Among the many important issues involved in addressing sovereign
restructuring cases, this paper discusses three sets of broad considerations.2 First, how
1
    “The Design of the SDRM—Further Considerations,” EBS/02/201, November 27, 2002.
2
  This paper does not attempt to address conceptual considerations regarding the assessment
of sustainability, or the incentives that surround the decision by a member to undertake a debt
restructuring.
                                            -3-




to create a framework for assuring that the debt structure that emerges from the debt
restructuring is consistent with a country’s adjustment effort and restores balance of
payments viability? This requires both determining the appropriate scale and path of fiscal
and external adjustment, and developing a framework for coordinating the sovereign’s
restructuring agreements with different groups of creditors, where separate restructurings are
needed. The SDRM would help improve the prospects for rapid progress toward a
restructuring of sovereign debt, and would facilitate the coordination of any restructurings
that need to be undertaken outside the framework of the SDRM.

5.       Second, how to limit the disruptions associated with a sovereign restructuring on
other domestic economic sectors? In general, sovereign restructurings are likely to take
place amidst, or precipitate, a broader loss of confidence that could quickly escalate to a full
blown currency and banking crisis. Economic policies should be tailored so as to minimize
the unavoidable fallout and, where possible, to avert the need to restructure nonsovereign
liabilities. In some cases, emergency measures may be required to protect the functioning of
the banking system and reduce the rate of general capital flight, to avoid derailing the
authorities’ adjustment efforts and impeding the restructuring process.

6.      Third, what should be the role of the Fund during a sovereign debt
restructuring? A sovereign undertaking a restructuring may face significant financing
needs, despite the temporary relief provided by the accumulation of arrears in the event of a
default. These circumstances pose particular challenges to the design of Fund programs, and
raise difficult choices for the appropriate access to, and use of, Fund resources.

7.      This paper addresses these issues and seeks to lay out considerations that have a
bearing on the choice of policies in dealing with sovereign debt crises. The paper is
organized as follows: Section II summarizes the main channels through which sovereign debt
restructurings affect the domestic economy; examines how to define an appropriate
adjustment path to help ensure that the new debt structure is sustainable over the medium-
term; and explores policies that can help to limit the spill-over effects of a sovereign debt
restructuring into other economic sectors. Section III discusses how best to coordinate the
restructurings of the various categories of a sovereign’s debt. Section IV addresses issues
pertaining to the role of Fund financing during a sovereign debt restructuring. Section V
suggests issues for discussion.

                     II. POLICY ISSUES IN RESTORING SUSTAINABILITY

                 A. The Economic Implications of Debt Restructurings

8.     A sovereign debt restructuring (affecting external or domestic debt, or both) can
pose significant strain on the domestic economy.3 The strain is usually transmitted through
3
 See “Sovereign Debt Restructuring and the Domestic Economy: Experience in Four Recent
Cases,” SM/02/67, February 21, 2002.
                                             -4-




the direct effect on the balance sheets of the domestic holders of debt, and through the
reaction of investors and the public to the restructuring as they seek to protect the value of
their assets. The precise effects will generally depend on three main factors:

9.       First, the losses sustained by domestic holders of government securities. In the
first instance, a restructuring would affect their income position depending on the exposure
of each holder to debt that is subject to restructuring. Losses will be amplified by the extent
to which the restructuring reduces the face value of claims. Mark-to-market investors as well
as investors in need of liquidity who had purchased bonds at, or near, face value would suffer
immediate losses as the increasing risk premia lead to a fall in bond prices.

10.     Second, the degree of asset substitution following the shock to confidence. Crises
often lead to rapid demonetization and currency substitution. A loss of confidence in the
sovereign’s “promise to pay” could cause money demand to fall sharply and trigger a
substitution from domestic currency to foreign currency denominated assets. Moreover,
foreign holders of assets, regardless of whether they are subject to restructuring or not, are
likely to rush to the exit. Residents will seek to protect their real wealth not only by switching
to foreign currency denominated assets, but also by moving capital out of the country. The
demand for foreign exchange could quickly mushroom and lead to considerable pressure on
the exchange rate.

11.    Third, access to capital markets is likely to be reduced. Reflecting the increased
country and market risk, new financing is likely to be curtailed, or available only at very
expensive terms for both sovereign and non-sovereign borrowers, for a sustained period of
time.

12.     The banking system and nonfinancial corporate sector are often vulnerable to
large swings in exchange and interest rates. As discussed in section III, the critical issue is
whether in the run up to a sovereign restructuring, the combination of these effects could
weaken public confidence in the banking system to a point that triggers a deposit run.
Problems in financial institutions disrupt credit allocation, worsen capital flight, and deepen
the crisis.

13.      Although it is hard to generalize from recent experience, countries faced with an
unsustainable debt burden could typically be expected to go through three phases: (i) an
initial chaotic period prior to and in the immediate aftermath of the decision to restructure
(which may follow a default) in which the economy is hit by a variety of shocks; (ii) a
stabilization phase in which efforts are made to contain the fallout of the restructuring
decision; (iii) and a debt-restructuring phase in which the stock of debt is brought back into a
sustainable range. These phases may partly overlap in individual country cases. For instance,
measures to contain the fallout may already be in place in those cases where a banking or
currency crisis preceded the sovereign’s debt restructuring decision (e.g., Ecuador). Also,
debt-restructuring negotiations between the sovereign and its creditors may have been
initiated prior to the sovereign’s default. Indeed, the fallout of a restructuring decision as well
as the reputational damage associated with it could in principle be contained by approaching
                                            -5-




creditors early, planning a roadmap ahead of the restructuring announcement, and avoiding
arrears (Box 1).

14.      Nevertheless, there is no stylized model of how sovereign debt crises unfold. Not
all of these effects emerge in each debt crisis. The fallout of the restructuring in individual
cases depends on the initial conditions, the strength of sectoral balance sheets and the
exposure of each sector to risks, as well as the policy response adopted by the authorities. It
is to the latter that the paper now turns.

                                B. Implications for Policies

15.     The overall objective in sovereign debt restructuring cases should be to promote
the adjustment to a new sustainable equilibrium and avoid the perpetuation of an
unsustainable policy mix. Debt restructuring is not a substitute for adjustment. In most
cases, sovereigns will need to undertake substantial policy reform and adjustment to provide
a credible exit from the crisis. Against the background of intensified pressures in the
economy, the policy response needs to:

•      Restore confidence. A comprehensive set of economic policy measures to deal with
       the crisis should be announced as soon as possible, as delays and perceptions of
       policy paralysis would further undermine confidence. These measures should be
       designed to address the underlying vulnerabilities that produced the conditions of
       unsustainability.

•      Limit spillovers to other sectors. Policies should aim particularly at minimizing
       potential disruption to the domestic financial system, which could exacerbate
       dislocations in the domestic economy.

•      Stem capital outflows. Given the uncertainty about market reaction, and the risk that
       macroeconomic policies may not be sufficiently credible to contain capital flight,
       consideration may have to be given to complementing the restructuring decision with
       temporary measures to stem capital outflows, including exchange restrictions and
       administrative bank measures. Although there is a range of complications to the
       design of such measures, in some cases they may help provide a respite until the fog
       of the initial panic reaction clears and corrective measures take hold.

•      The restructuring should contribute to a credible exit from the crisis. The
       authorities need to communicate clearly to the public how the restructuring would
       help the country regain medium-term sustainability. A selective restructuring that is
       judged not to provide reasonable prospects for sustainability could undermine
       confidence, as more restructurings would be seen to be necessary in the near future.

                             C. Defining the Adjustment Path

16.     A definitive resolution of the crisis requires reestablishing sustainability. The
restructuring proposal should ensure that the resulting debt stock—the sum of restructured,
                                                  -6-




                       Box 1. Recent Sovereign Debt Restructurings
There have been at least five sovereign debt restructuring cases since the late 1990s. Russia and Ecuador
restructured most of their debt following a formal default, while Ukraine and Pakistan restructured their
debts in the shadow of default. Argentina, which initially planned a voluntary debt exchange, was forced
to default following the first leg of its debt exchange. Moldova completed the restructuring of its sovereign
debt very recently and it is not covered in this box.

Russia (1998-2000)
In response to a rapidly deteriorating economic situation, resulting mainly from the government’s inability
to implement important fiscal reforms, on August 19, 1998 the authorities announced a devaluation of the
ruble, a suspension of payments on the sovereign’s domestic debt, and a unilateral moratorium on private
sector payments on external liabilities enforced through extensive capital and exchange controls (debt held
by households and the central bank was excluded from the exchange restrictions). These announcements,
and the subsequent dissolution of the government, triggered a banking crisis (see Box 2).

There was no overall coordinating framework for the restructuring of Russia’s various classes of debt.
Domestic debt, London Club debt, and Paris Club debt were restructured in separate processes. Eurobonds
were excluded from the restructuring altogether. Domestic ruble debt, amounting to 10.8 percent of GDP
(of which 7.8 percent of GDP was held by domestic banks and the remainder by non-residents) was
restructured first. An initial restructuring offer for London Club debt in September 1998 failed, triggering
protracted negotiations. Eventually, on February 11, 2000, a restructuring agreement was announced by
the London Club’s Bank Advisory Committee, under which US$31.8 billion in Soviet era debt was
exchanged for US$21.8 billion in new bonds (completed by August 2000). Private creditors pushed for a
new Paris Club rescheduling on similar terms but the notion of “reverse comparability” was rejected. The
improvement in oil prices took pressure off Russia’s debt service profile. The Paris Club (with exposure of
roughly US$37.5 billion) ultimately agreed to a rescheduling but not to a debt reduction.

Ukraine (1998-2000)
While Ukraine’s overall stock of external debt was not particularly large (public external debt stood at
roughly 39 percent GDP in 1999), low levels of reserves and a spike in debt-service payments through
2001 made a debt restructuring unavoidable. A selective restructuring of domestic debt held by banks in
August 1998 was followed by the restructuring of two bond-like instruments held by non-residents in
September and October 1998, and a further restructuring in June 1999. After these piecemeal
arrangements, the debt exchange in April 2000 tried to deal more comprehensively with the short maturity
of Ukraine’s bonded debt.

In total, the restructuring covered US$2.5 billion of external (Eurobond) debt and US$0.3 billion of
domestic debt, representing about 9 percent of GDP. Of this amount, about 1.3 percent of GDP was held
by domestic banks. A large part (roughly 50-60 percent) of the Eurobonds was held by retail investors. To
limit the outflow of capital, exchange controls were imposed in September 1998, with no deposit freeze.

Pakistan (1999)
Sanctions imposed by bilateral official creditors following Pakistan's nuclear tests in May 1998
exacerbated the fragile external position, and triggered a debt crisis that had been looming during much of
the 1990s. The financial instability that followed led the authorities to impose a deposit freeze on most
foreign currency deposits (amounting to roughly US$7 billion). In January 1999, Pakistan concluded an
agreement with the Paris Club, reducing debt service by US$3.3 billion, or 5 percent of GDP, in the period
up to end-2000. Following an agreement with London Club creditors in June 1999, with a credible threat
of default Pakistan launched an exchange of Eurobonds in November, in order to fulfill the comparability
of treatment clause included in the Paris Club agreement.
                                                 -7-




                    Box 1. (concl.). Recent Sovereign Debt Restructurings
The Eurobonds had a face value of US$608 million (about 1 percent of GDP), of which one third estimated to
have been held by residents (11 percent by domestic banks) and the remainder by financial institutions and
retail investors in the Middle East. In addition, Pakistan was able to reschedule US$512 million of short-term
trade credits and US$415 million of medium-term commercial credits. Domestic debt remained unaffected.
Provisions to further tighten capital controls were introduced in June and October 1999.

Ecuador (1999-2000)
When a protracted banking crisis ultimately evolved into a bank run in March 1999, the government declared
a bank holiday, deposits were frozen and the exchange rate was floated as pressures on the sucre mounted (no
capital controls were imposed.) In September 1999, under continuous financial pressure, the government
defaulted on its Discount Brady bonds while staying current on its other bonds. However, holders of the
Discount Brady bonds voted to accelerate their claims, forcing Ecuador to default on the other Brady bonds
and its Eurobonds. In January 2000, amid political turbulence that resulted in a new government, a new
economic plan was announced based on full dollarization of the economy.

On July 27, 2000, almost eleven months following the initial default, Ecuador announced a comprehensive
exchange offer for its external debt (with a face value of US$6.5 billion). Domestic public debt maturing
between September 1999 and end-2000 (both in domestic and foreign currencies) was restructured separately
(with a face value of US$346 million), as were external credit lines to closed banks (US$80 million). The total
debt restructured was equivalent to about 50 percent of GDP, of which roughly one tenth was held by
residents and the bulk by institutional investors in London and New York. In September 2000, Ecuador
reached a rescheduling agreement with the Paris Club.

Argentina (2001-02)
With very high and rising spreads making it increasingly difficult to meet debt-service payments on rolled-
over debt, Argentina announced a two-phase approach in late October 2001 to restructure its roughly US$100
billion of domestic and external debt owed to private creditors. Phase 1 was aimed at domestic resident
investors and involved the exchange of US dollar and Argentine peso bonds into new government-guaranteed
loans (limiting the attractiveness to foreign creditors who have a preference for more marketable securities).
The exchange, carried out in December 2001, involved approximately US$42 billion in sovereign debt and
US$16 billion in provincial debt. Of the exchanged federal bonds, US$13 billion came from domestic banks’
on own accounts, US$11 billion from their clients, and US$17 billion from pension funds.

 By end-December, before Phase 2 could be initiated to restructure the remainder of mainly foreign-held
sovereign debt, the financial and political situation had deteriorated considerably, and Argentina announced a
moratorium on debt not included in Phase 1. While debt service was to be maintained on the loans issued in
Phase 1, the general pesoization of domestic contracts in March 2002 included the loans of Phase 1. Several
domestic debt operations were conducted between May-September 2002 (including deposit exchange schemes
and bonds issued to banks to compensate them for the asymmetric pesoization of assets and liabilities) but
little progress has been made in restructuring foreign-held sovereign debt. On November 14, the World Bank
announced that Argentina failed to make an amortization payment of around US$715 million. In the event, the
payment was made in January 2003, which enabled the World Bank to reactivate its lending operations to
Argentina. A comprehensive solution to Argentina’s debt problems is still pending.
                                              -8-




unrestructured, and new debt—is sustainable. The new debt structure will need to be
consistent with projected levels of primary fiscal surpluses, growth, real interest rate and
exchange rate developments, as well as the timing of renewed capital market access, all of
which are interrelated and affected by the realism and acceptability of the restructuring
proposal. Therefore, a central element in a sovereign’s debt restructuring strategy should be
to draw up a credible plan, which is acceptable to creditors, in which targets are devised and
strategies to reach them are formulated (Figure 1).

17.     Designing a consistent adjustment program is a complicated task because of the
trade-offs and the feedback loops between debt restructuring and the adjustment
parameters. The adjustment program will have to be put together in the context of a
comprehensive and integrated policy response to deal with fiscal and financial
vulnerabilities, and the economic disruption associated with the restructuring decision. The
central component of the adjustment path is the projected evolution of primary fiscal
surpluses. For the sovereign, there may be an incentive bias toward sizeable debt reduction
from external creditors rather than adjustment. However, a weak adjustment effort may not
be accepted by creditors as it would be seen as an attempt to place the burden for restoring
sustainability disproportionately on them, and it is likely to impair the country’s future access
to capital markets. On the other hand, an unfeasibly ambitious adjustment effort will not be
credible. Given the trade-offs involved, the right balance will need to be found between
restructuring terms that creditors can accept and an adjustment effort (and debt service
profile) that the sovereign can realistically deliver.

18.      Decisions would need to be made about the magnitude of the immediate
adjustment as well as the primary fiscal position over the medium term.4 In principle, a
degree of front-loading the path of primary surpluses could help signal the authorities’
commitment to restore sustainability. However, front-loading the adjustment may be difficult
given the macroeconomic dislocation associated with the restructuring. Guidance on the
magnitude of the adjustment planned in the medium-term—importantly, the realism of
expenditure and revenue assumptions, future growth rates and the political feasibility of
reforms - could be derived from (i) the country’s recent history of budget surpluses/deficits;
(ii) cross-country experience of adjustment efforts in similar circumstances; (iii) the
feasibility of the measures needed to reach the targeted position in the context of a country’s


4
    The solution for a stationary level of debt is given by the following formula:

(1)       d = [(1+ λ) / (r- λ)] p

where “d” is the public debt to GDP ratio, “p” is the primary fiscal balance to GDP ratio, “λ”
is the growth rate of the economy, and “r” is the real interest rate paid on public debt. In
general, a higher debt burden can be supported: (i) the higher the rate of economic growth;
(ii) the lower the real interest rate; and (iii) the higher the primary fiscal balance.
                                                                               -9-



                                        Figure 1. Coordinating Framework for Sovereign Debt Restructuring

                                                             Debt Burden Becomes Unsustainable -
                                                             Sovereign’s Decision to Restructure


Initial Contacts Debtor
                                                             Preliminary Macroeconomic

- Creditors
                                                             Framework



                                                                                                        Stabilization of Key
                                                                                                        Macroeconomic Parameters
                                                                                                        (GDP, exchange rate,
                                                                                                        inflation, clarify banking



Sharing of Information and
                                                                                                        costs, new money)
                                                                                                        Policies to Contain Economic
                                                               Medium Term Macro-                       Fall-out
                                                               Economic Framework
                                                               Providing Basis for Debt


Restructuring Proposals
                                                               Restructuring




                                                             Scope and Modalities of Sovereign
                                                             Debt Restructuring:
                                                             Domestic            External
                                                                                 ● privately held
                                                                                 ● official bilateral


          Negotiations

                                                             Individual Restructuring Agreements




                             Paris Club/Official Bilateral       Claims Held by External Private            Domestic Claims
                             Claims                              Creditors

                                                               SDRM




                                                                        Sustainable Debt
                                            - 10 -




circumstances; (iv) the level of adjustment that is consistent with the growth objectives; and
(v) the size of spending reductions that is sustainable over the medium term.

19.     The path of primary surpluses will be based on judgments on a number of
endogenous variables. Important assumptions will need to be made about the timing and
pace of re-access to domestic and international capital markets, the real interest rate, and the
medium-term growth rate of the economy. For a country forced to restructure its debt or
emerging from default, any medium-term assumptions would be subject to considerable
uncertainty. There are also important interactions between the terms in the debt sustainability
equation—the debt stock, interest rates, and growth. For example, the marginal cost of funds
to a defaulted sovereign will depend, among other things, on the size of the restructured debt
stock. And medium-term growth prospects will depend, among other factors, on the real
interest rate on new financing, which is itself a particular source of uncertainty. 5 Judgments
concerning these variables could be a source of disagreement between the authorities and
creditors, given the sensitivity of the size of debt reduction to the choice of parameters.

20.     The fallout associated with the debt restructuring may create additional
uncertainty about the sustainable level of future debt-service payments. The calculation
of the level of public debt consistent with long-term solvency is derived from steady-state
conditions, and initially conditions are anything but that. Three effects deserve particular
consideration. First, to the extent that the exchange rate depreciates sharply and overshoots
its long-run equilibrium value, the debt-to-GDP ratio will be overstated and may exaggerate
the need for debt reduction. In calculating the sustainable level of debt, judgments will need
to be made about the likely reversal of the initial overshooting. Second, the total cost of bank
restructuring may be significant but uncertain as the deterioration of the banks’ balance
sheets materializes over time.6 Third, there is uncertainty about the magnitude of economic
dislocation and the social needs in the aftermath of the crisis, given that the act of default or
restructuring is likely to exacerbate temporarily the already poor initial macroeconomic
conditions.

21.    Despite the uncertainties involved, it is particularly important that the
restructuring provides reasonable prospects for a definite resolution of a country’s debt

5
  One means of assessing them would be to look at the borrowing costs of other countries
with broadly similar macro-economic characteristics (public and external debt post-
restructuring, fiscal and external imbalances etc). In addition, the results of studies on market
access by emerging markets can be used to gauge re-entry rates for the sovereign post-
restructuring. See “Assessing the Determinants and Prospects for the Pace of Market Access
by Countries Emerging from Crises,” EBS/01/157, September 6, 2001.
6
 The costs of recapitalization associated with the banking crises in recent restructuring cases
can be large—public debt levels have risen in some cases by 15 percent of GDP or more. See
“A Framework for Managing Systemic Banking Crises” (forthcoming Board paper).
                                            - 11 -




problem. The design of the debt-restructuring package must be acceptable to creditors, and
the new debt service profile resulting from it should help ensure that a country’s exposure to
rollover risks is manageable and that exposure to interest rate and exchange rate risks would
not undermine financial stability. In combination with the authorities’ adjustment efforts, the
restructuring should provide for a realistic and credible exit from the crisis.

22.     In addition to determining a sustainable fiscal adjustment path, restoring
credibility requires a monetary policy framework to help anchor inflation expectations.
To the extent that reducing the debt burden through inflation is not a desirable option,
policies in the aftermath of the crisis need to restore a degree of nominal stability. This is
likely to prove a difficult challenge as:

•      severe fiscal and banking problems and the erosion of international reserves are prone
       to undermine the credibility of an exchange rate anchor;

•      the instability of money demand complicates the implementation of monetary
       targeting strategies, and low interest elasticity of money demand may require
       unsustainable interest rate changes in an environment dominated by high risk of sharp
       depreciation and default; and

•      inflation targeting is confronted with the difficulty of forecasting inflation with any
       confidence during and in the aftermath of a debt crisis.

Under these conditions, and in view of the likely need for the exchange rate to adjust to a
new equilibrium supportive of a resumption of economic growth, monitoring monetary
aggregates may still play a useful supportive role in restoring confidence, preventing an
acceleration of inflation, and avoiding the exhaustion of international reserves. To the extent
that balance sheet vulnerabilities increase the costs associated with exchange rate
overshooting, this approach could in some cases be complemented by the temporary
imposition of exchange restrictions (see Section II.E).

                         D. Dealing with Banking Crises7

23.     In the event of a sovereign debt restructuring, the financial position of banks
and other financial intermediaries could be severely affected. In addition to exposure to
losses on their holdings of government debt instruments, banks may be vulnerable to a
deterioration in credit quality as a result of debt-servicing difficulties in the household and

7
 This section deals with a set of complex issues where the work of MAE has played a
prominent role in advancing the staff’s thinking. References include: Financial Sector Crisis
and Restructuring: Lessons from Asia, IMF Occasional Paper No. 188; Building Strong
Banks Through Surveillance and Resolution, IMF 2002, and MAE’s forthcoming Board
paper on “A Framework for Managing Systemic Banking Crises”.
                                           - 12 -




corporate sectors; to exchange rate risk due to currency mismatches on and off balance
sheets; and to deteriorating liquidity conditions as a result of deposit withdrawals and the
interruption of interbank credit lines. Regardless of the financial position of individual banks,
the loss of explicit or implicit government guarantee and the worsening economic outlook
could exacerbate depositors’ fears about the availability or value of their deposits in real
terms which may trigger sharp deposit withdrawals. Experience indicates that the
combination of these factors may contribute to widespread bank insolvencies, which may
exacerbate dislocations in the domestic economy and problems with banks’ external
obligations (Box 2).

24.      Some of these effects also take place in conventional banking crises. However,
the restructuring of an unsustainable sovereign debt has an especially destructive effect
on banks’ balance sheets and may complicate the resolution of a crisis. One of the most
complex set of issues confronting sovereigns that need to embark on a restructuring of their
debt concerns the treatment of domestic debt, particularly when a large share of this debt is
held by domestic banks. In some circumstances, it may be appropriate to exclude domestic
debt from a restructuring, in view of the implications for the financial system and the
domestic economy. In cases, however, where domestic banks are among the principal
creditors to an unsustainable sovereign, it may be impossible for the sovereign to obtain the
debt-service relief that it needs without a reduction in the real debt it owes to the domestic
banking system. A reduction in the value of government securities in banks’ portfolios will
test the capacity of banks’ equity capital to withstand the balance sheet shock and the
associated reduction in earnings.

25.     The share of claims on the sovereign in bank assets, the extent of the debt
reduction, and the initial level of capital are key parameters in evaluating the impact on
banks. In a crisis situation, banks may already be experiencing increased credit risk from the
deteriorating position of corporates. There may already be liquidity drains and emerging
maturity mismatches. The reduction in value of claims on the sovereign makes the situation
worse.8 In these circumstances, it may not be reasonable to expect banks to hold sufficient
capital to withstand all shocks that may occur in a systemic crisis of this nature, or to be able
to raise additional capital in unsettled market conditions. Therefore, finding the least costly
way of obtaining the needed reduction in the sovereign’s real debt burden is a major policy
challenge. All options are likely to be very costly, and it may not be possible to avoid
imposing losses on depositors.

26.     The initial priorities in protecting the banking sector during a sovereign
restructuring crisis should be on stabilizing the system and restoring confidence. As is
the case in a standard banking crisis, the immediate policy response should aim at stopping
bank runs; safeguarding the payments system; and minimizing disruptions to credit flows, in

8
 See “Involving the Private Sector in the Resolution of Financial Crises—The Restructuring
of International Sovereign Bonds—Further Considerations,” EBS/02/15, January 31, 2002.
                                                  - 13 -




   Box 2. Experience with Banking Crises in Selected Sovereign Restructuring Cases
Russia (1998): Withdrawals of bank deposits started in December 1997 and accelerated in July-August 1998,
reflecting contagion from the Asian crisis and inconsistent fiscal and exchange rate policies. Withdrawals
affected many banks, including the state-owned Sberbank, Russia’s largest holder of household deposits (85
percent of total deposits).

Following the debt standstill announced on August 17, 1998 (see Box 1), deposit withdrawals continued and
between June-September Sberbank lost approximately 19 percent of its domestic deposits. Interbank market
activity and the payments system slowed dramatically, and foreign credit lines dried out. The central bank
announced a blanket guarantee for all household deposits, and required that deposits held by six large Moscow
banks (13 percent of total deposits) be transferred to Sberbank (dollar deposits were also covered, but these
would be paid out in rubles due to the lack of foreign reserves). CBR provided considerable support to
Sberbank and selected financial institutions, including through the creation of an overnight unsecured loan
facility and an easing of required reserves. In subsequent months, the authorities put in place a comprehensive
bank restructuring strategy, which involved closing a large number of banks and helping rebuild a core group of
viable institutions.

Ecuador (1999): Confidence in the Ecuadorian banks deteriorated rapidly in early 1999, following intervention
in the country’s largest bank in December 1998 and the failure of five small banks during the first two months
of 1999. Loss of confidence was exacerbated by the slow response of the Deposit Guarantee Agency under the
blanket guarantee approved in December 1998. The fear of a systemic meltdown increased after the country’s
second largest bank became illiquid. In response, the government declared a banking holiday on March 5-11,
1999 and froze most of deposits for one year. Subsequent political pressure led to the progressive easing of the
freeze.

The default on the external debt in September 1999 prompted a second currency crisis and further bank runs in
the last months of 1999. The authorities’ decision to dollarize in January 2000 and the announcement of a Fund-
supported program succeeded in restoring confidence. In March 2000 deposits were unfrozen. Although some
flight to quality occurred, the banking system was able to retain most of the deposits. The cumulative costs of
the banking crisis were, however, very large, with estimates in the order of 22 percent of GDP.

Argentina (2001-02): Concerns about the sustainability of the authorities’ exchange rate policy and fiscal
stance were behind the initial run on Argentine banks that started in March 2001 and accelerated into a large
scale withdrawal of deposits at end-November. This led the authorities to impose withdrawal restrictions
(corralito) on December 1, followed by a bank holiday (December 21-26) in the context of the moratorium on
Argentina’s external debt announced on December 23. On January 3, convertibility was abandoned, and another
bank holiday was declared on January 7-8 as dollar deposits were forcibly pesoized (see Box 1 and 4) and the
maturities of time deposits extended.

Deposit losses during 2001 were considerable, amounting to some 22 percent of end-2000 deposits. Following
the external debt moratorium, deposits continued to decline in early 2002, reflecting withdrawals of sight and
savings deposits and, since March 2002, judicial injunctions freeing time deposits. A new bank holiday was
declared during April 22-26 to find a solution, but withdrawals continued in January-August 2002 and
amounted to 25 percent of end-2001 deposits. While deposits were concentrated on a few large public and
domestic private banks during 2001, deposit losses were generalized to all banks during the first half of 2002,
with some flight from private to public banks. During the second half of the year, overall bank deposits
stabilized and modestly expanded from the trough of July 2002. In late 2002, a gradual removal of deposit
restrictions began. The monthly cash withdrawal limits on the corralito were relaxed in October and the
corralito was fully lifted in December. In February 2003, several banks announced the early liberalization of
frozen time deposits.
                                           - 14 -




order to preserve at least core banking functions and activities. To be effective, emergency
measures need to be backed as soon as feasible by a coherent macroeconomic stabilization
framework, and by comprehensive bank restructuring programs. However, in the midst of a
crisis, it may be very difficult to ascertain the true solvency conditions of individual banks.
This complicates the task of assessing what could constitute a core banking system on which
to concentrate scarce resources in order to protect the payment system and preserve financial
intermediation services.9

27.     However, conventional crisis resolution approaches may not work in cases of
sovereign default or where an unsustainable sovereign debt need to be restructured.
Sterilizing large-scale liquidity injections (which may exacerbate capital flight and have
adverse effects on inflation and the exchange rate) has typically involved the issuance of
public debt instruments. Government bonds are also issued for bank recapitalization or in
exchange for non-performing loans, or to central banks to compensate for contingent funding
needs for deposit insurance. However, the use of domestic public debt instruments may not
be effective when a sovereign has defaulted on its obligations, or when an unsustainable debt
dynamics generates expectations of impending sovereign default.10 Under these
circumstances, the authorities have to address the issue of how to apportion the losses in the
banking system between bank shareholders, depositors, and current rather than future
taxpayers. This is likely to be a contentious task.

28.     Similarly, the extension of a blanket guarantee on deposits—which in a
conventional systemic crisis may be necessary to restore confidence, prevent the risk of runs
and contagion while weaker banks are intervened, and protect banks’ domestic sources of
funding—may not be credible (or affordable) when the sovereign is unable to service its
own debt.11 The sovereign’s ability to back these guarantees therefore may hinge critically
on its access to external financing to provide needed liquidity and handle deposit
withdrawals—particularly if dollarization is high.12 Section IV considers issues regarding the

9
  A core of the banking sector could be gauged on the basis of considerations related to the
branch network, the value of transactions processed through the payments system, the
number of depositors, and the balance sheet conditions and prospects for the banks involved.
In practice, this could involve difficult judgments given the high uncertainty on the
conditions of banks associated with a sovereign debt crisis.
10
  The implications of the fiscal costs of bank restructuring for debt dynamics and debt
sustainability are of particular concern in financial markets where the volume of deposits and
the size of the banking sector are large in relation to GDP.
11
  See “Deposit Insurance: Actual and Good Practices,” IMF Occasional Paper No. 197,
2000.
12
  In a highly dollarized economy, the central bank’s role as a lender of last resort is
constrained by the size of international reserves relative to deposits in the banking system. A
                                                                                     (continued)
                                           - 15 -




appropriateness of official financing, which may not be an option in cases where the banking
system is sizeable. In any case, a credible medium-term fiscal program is ultimately needed
to absorb the contingent fiscal costs of such guarantees.

29.     Determined actions to put in place a credible framework for macroeconomic
policies and structural reforms are necessary to restore confidence and halt pressure on
deposits, reserves, or the exchange rate, but they may not always be sufficient. In
instances where this strategy fails, the authorities could be confronted with the need to
resort to administrative measures to avoid an uncontrollable run on banks. Such
measures can serve the dual purpose of preventing a collapse of the banking system and
limiting the scope for capital flight and exchange market pressures.13

30.    Among the administrative measures that may have to be used to avoid the
collapse of the banking system are:

•        A bank holiday. This has large costs in terms of loss of confidence, but can be
         effective as a temporary emergency measure (lasting a few days only) to take stock of
         the problems and provide the authorities some breathing space to formulate a
         comprehensive strategy for their resolution.

•        Securitization of deposits. While at least a minimum amount of sight deposits
         should be paid out in cash to preserve the payment system and minimize losses,
         securitizing deposits may be less damaging than deposit freezes or outright defaults,
         since a secondary market in such instruments could provide some liquidity.14
         Nonetheless, in a situation of sovereign default, this option may require the use of
         commercial bank securities as a more credible instrument than government bonds,
         provided the bank is considered viable in the medium term. To mitigate the impact on
         financial intermediation, the payments system, and economic activity, securitization
         could be limited to time deposits (with no exceptions to avoid circumvention), and the
         securities used should be made transferable and issued in sufficiently small
         denominations.

•        Restrictions on deposit withdrawals. Extension of maturities of time deposits
         (“rescheduling” or “reprogramming”), or limitations on withdrawals of these deposits


limited coverage may undermine the credibility of a strategy for liquidity support. External
financing of the deposit guarantee may be necessary to restore the credibility needed to stem
dollar bank runs.
13
  Administrative bank measures may be a more effective means of stemming capital flight in
cases where the enforceability of exchange restrictions is weak.
14
     Redemption of bonds on the secondary market may take place at a (heavy) discount.
                                           - 16 -




       may be inevitable if deposits cannot be securitized. Deposit restrictions can greatly
       damage confidence in the banking system; they should be established only for defined
       time periods, and a strategy to lift the restrictions should be designed and
       implemented as quickly as possible.15

•      Generalized deposit freezes. These are very disruptive measures carrying high costs
       in terms of deepening the crisis, as they directly contribute to curtailing private
       consumption and investment. Even when deposit freezes are necessary, the strain
       placed on the operation of the payment system, especially if the freeze lasts for an
       extended period of time, will exacerbate a liquidity shortage and credit crunch, with
       adverse effects on the prospects for economic recovery.

Each of these measures imposes changes in the contractual terms between banks and
depositors that, at least in principle, could be implemented at par and in the original currency.
Nonetheless, these measures will generally entail large losses in real terms.16 In extreme
cases, the emergency response to protect at least some parts of the banking system may
involve a reduction to the face value of deposits, a compulsory redenomination of foreign
currency bank deposits into domestic currency instruments or both. The extent and severity
of the potential fallout of these measures depends on their specific characteristics, which
should be considered with a view to minimizing the damage to the payment system, the
impairment to the underlying claims, and the costs to the government.

31.    These administrative measures should be considered with extreme caution and
only where no other option is available to contain the crisis. The adverse effect on
confidence and the severe real losses involved will substantially hinder the recovery of
financial intermediation.

32.       Beyond the immediate emergency, a comprehensive strategy for bank
restructuring to restore financial sector soundness is critical to regaining confidence.
Such strategy should be formulated, announced and implemented as soon as feasible, taking
into account that systemic bank restructuring is a complex medium-term process that often
strains the authorities’ implementation capacity. Nonetheless, failure to address adequately
the restructuring needs of the banking sector may risk triggering a reemergence of the runs. A
comprehensive strategy should include setting up appropriate institutional frameworks;

15
  The mobility of transaction accounts’ within the banking system and the possibility of
limited withdrawals should be considered to minimize payment system disruptions.
Depositors may also be allowed to use restricted deposits as means of payment within the
banking system. This option, while allowing payments, may create additional pressures on
the system as depositors move restricted deposits to the strongest banks.
16
  The adoption of administrative measures affecting creditor rights may give also rise to
legal or constitutional challenges that can result in increased uncertainty.
                                           - 17 -




intervening and closing nonviable insolvent institutions; strengthening weak but viable
institutions through appropriate rehabilitation plans; dealing with value-impaired assets;
improving prudential regulations and banking supervision; and promoting transparency in
financial market operations.

                             E. Dealing with Capital Outflows

33.     The announcement of a sovereign debt restructuring can trigger a general loss of
confidence in the currency. This may result in large-scale capital flight and pressure on the
foreign exchange market. In such an environment, conventional policy efforts may fail to
restore confidence by themselves,17 and the imposition of exchange controls may be
considered to support these efforts. The potential costs of exchange controls in crisis
situations need to be weighed against the costs posed by a sharply depreciated exchange rate
on the balance sheets of banks and corporates with unhedged foreign currency positions.
Nonetheless, a certain degree of exchange rate adjustment and the unwinding of balance
sheet overhangs is an important part of the adjustment process which would be postponed by
keeping the exchange rate at an unsustainable level.

34.      Exchange controls might stanch the hemorrhaging of reserves and provide some
assurance to creditors at the negotiating table that the resources needed to service
restructured debt obligations in the future were not fleeing the country. In addition, they
can, at least for a time, help reduce pressures on the exchange rate, thus mitigating the
substantial and widespread adverse effects of excessive depreciation, particularly if liabilities
are widely dollarized. To have the desired effects, exchange controls need to be both
enforceable and sufficiently comprehensive to prevent large-scale capital outflows and
exchange rate depreciation during any initial panic.

35.     That said, controls are likely to provide only temporary breathing space. The use
of controls in capital account crises, including the few cases where it involved a sovereign
debt restructuring (Box 3), has yielded mixed results at best. Experience has shown that
controls cannot provide lasting protection, they come at significant costs, and they provide no
substitute for addressing the fundamental causes of a crisis. Apart from their well-known
negative impact on efficient resource allocation, they provide opportunities and incentives for
corruption and may foster a culture of rent-seeking. Possible exceptions to controls and
discretion in their administration creates opportunities for evasion.18



17
  Particularly where there is limited room to defend the exchange rate with interest rate
increases, due to concerns about the adverse implications on fragile balance sheets,
including, those of banks, where a maturity mismatch toward short-term liabilities is typical.
18
  For an overview, see “Capital Controls: Country Experience with their Use and
Liberalization,” IMF Occasional Paper No. 190.
                                                       - 18 -




                   Box 3: Exchange Controls in Sovereign Restructuring Cases
Countries that restructured their foreign debt, either after default or in the shadow of a default, imposed a wide range of
controls in the attempt to deal with capital outflows, often in combination with deposit freezes. Some of the administrative
restrictions discussed here are not exchange controls in the meaning of the Articles. The scope and sequence of measures
depended on individual country circumstances.

Argentina (2001-02). In response to a large-scale bank run in late November, restrictions on cash withdrawal on sight
deposits (corralito) and controls on capital outflows were announced on December 1, 2001 (see Box 2). Deposits restricted
by the corralito could be used to purchase foreign exchange only for payments of imports of goods and services, profits
and dividends, financial obligations (interest and principal) and other current account operations, particularly for trade-
related operations. Although peso notes and coins outside the financial system could in principle be used to buy foreign
exchange, prior authorization from the central bank was needed for most international transfers (debt service, profit
remittances and dividends, purchase of foreign securities and other portfolio investment abroad, foreign exchange sales to
nonresidents above certain limits).

Following the moratorium on external sovereign debt (December 23), time deposits were frozen (corralon) in January,
while restrictions on sight deposits were relaxed. Other measures in support of the exchange control regime included
surrender requirements on export proceeds and new foreign financing, the control of import financing (e.g. minimum
maturity financing; restrictions on prepayments) and strict limitations on interbank currency trading. The controls began to
be removed in late 2002. In December, the corralito was lifted and in January 2003, all but two exchange restrictions that
are subject to the Fund’s jurisdiction under Article VIII were removed.

Ecuador. The country’s banking system had been in crisis for many months before the sovereign’s default in September
1999. In March 1999, a comprehensive deposit freeze was imposed. The deposit freeze restricted most banking funds from
moving abroad, even in the absence of explicit capital controls. Nevertheless, substantial pressure on the exchange rate
continued, with the sucre depreciating 200 percent during 1999.

Russia. In contrast to Ecuador, Russia intensified existing capital controls at the time it announced its default in August
1998, to prevent large outflows of capital and enforce the 90 day standstill on private (bank and nonbank) debt payments.
The freeze on bank deposits was comparatively narrow in scope, aiming to deal with a few larger insolvent banks in the
context of bank restructuring (see also Box 2). To support the provision of foreign exchange, the controls included export
surrender requirements and advance deposits for import payments.

Ukraine. During its piecemeal restructuring of selected external debt , the government used exchange controls, without
resorting to a deposit freeze. The existing regime of capital controls was tightened in August 1998, shortly before the first
external debt restructuring. The controls included export surrender requirements, controls on import financing (screening
of importers’ application for foreign exchange, limits on prepayments for import contracts, restrictions of foreign exchange
loans to importers) and of interbank currency market transactions. The controls were removed gradually, with the last
foreign exchange restrictions inconsistent with Article VIII being lifted in August 1999. In contrast to Russia, however, the
controls never covered private external debt service, and there were no indications that the Ukrainian banks ran into arrears
with foreign creditors as a result of the capital controls.

Pakistan. A default was avoided during Pakistan’s relatively small Eurobond restructuring. The freeze of the country’s
large foreign currency deposits in mid-1998, largely owned by nonresidents, was a direct response to the external crisis
after May 1998. Although the Eurobond exchange was not finalized until end-1999, existing controls were tightened in
June and October 1999 during the debt restructuring negotiations. These included restrictions of certain capital account
transactions (purchase of foreign debt securities, money market instruments, or real estate; extension of loans to non-
residents; prior approval for direct investment abroad), export surrender requirements, and the control of import financing.
                                                         - 19 -




          Box 3 (concluded). Exchange Controls in Sovereign Restructuring Cases

The evidence on the ability of capital controls to preserve reserves and limit currency depreciation is mixed—and the
confluence of other factors at play during a crisis complicates an assessment of their effectiveness. For example, Russia’s
adoption of comprehensive controls in August 1998 failed to limit pressure on international reserves and the exchange rate
continued to depreciate until early 1999. Russian residents had been moving funds abroad prior to August 1998 despite
controls. The default would have likely accelerated such outflows in the absence of controls, and therefore it is difficult to
determine the proper counterfactual, i.e. whether at the margin the controls helped limit the scale of capital flight. In
Argentina large deposits losses occurred between January and August 2002, despite comprehensive restrictions on
withdrawals (see Box 2). Even larger losses might have occurred in the absence of the deposit freeze, however.
Similarly, evidence on the impact of controls on the country’s ability to attract new capital inflows is not conclusive. The
imposition of exchange controls, particularly controls that impair the private sector’s ability to service its external debt,
could be expected to undermine foreign investor willingness to invest for fear of restrictions in the repatriation of future
profits. However, a debt crisis alone—including its associated spillovers into the private sector—would tend to deter future
foreign investment in the absence of controls, making it difficult to isolate the impact of controls.




36.     In the environment of a sovereign debt crisis, the authorities may have to
address two principal sources of outflows. First, both residents and nonresidents may want
to suddenly substitute their domestic assets (including their bank deposits) with holdings of
foreign assets. Second, capital outflows may result from the private sector’s foreign debt
payment obligations. In this respect, it may be important to try to limit their distortive effects
on the economy, in particular the adverse longer-term consequences for the country’s
corporate sector (Box 4).

37.      In deciding on the adoption of exchange controls, three issues regarding
implementation should be carefully considered. First, the timing. The desirability of an
early imposition of controls, and the benefits of preserving value and addressing inter-
creditor equity concerns by preventing short-term investors from exiting, should be weighed
carefully against the costs of interfering with investors’ rights and impairing private sector’s
future access to international capital markets, even for companies that may have had some
ability for external borrowing. However, if a determination is made that exchange controls
are necessary, they should be implemented as soon as possible as the potential benefits in
terms of keeping capital in the country tend to dissipate over time.

38.     Second, the scope of controls. Exchange controls may be designed to restrict: (i) the
use of current account proceeds, by imposing the repatriation or surrender requirement on
payments for exports of goods and services;19 (ii) residents’ outward investments, by
reducing the scope for investing abroad and requiring residents to invest their funds
domestically; (iii) nonresidents’ repatriation of capital, to avoid the collapse of domestic



19
   This measure is not an exchange restriction under the Fund’s Articles, as it does not
constitute a restriction on the making of payments and transfers for current international
transactions. It could, however, limit the scope for residents to undertake capital transactions.
                                                    - 20 -




                             Box 4. Spillovers into the Corporate Sector

Non-financial firms typically are not major direct creditors of a sovereign. However, a number of channels for
spillovers discussed in this paper can trigger widespread financial distress in the corporate sector. These
include:

•        Exchange rate depreciation. Sharp real depreciation can dramatically increase the real burden of
         servicing foreign currency denominated debt and undermine firms’ net worth. An interest rate defense
         will also affect firms with short-duration local currency debt.

•        Limited external market access. Macroeconomic instability can create difficulties accessing capital
         markets and rolling over short-term debts.

•        Domestic credit constraints. Banking weaknesses may create a domestic credit crunch, exacerbating
         the impact of reduced access to external credit.

The magnitude of these spillovers has varied and has been, not surprisingly, more limited in countries with
underdeveloped domestic financial systems and limited external market access for corporate borrowers. For
instance, Russia’s banking system was not a major source of credit to Russia’s private firms (domestic credit
was less than 10% of GDP), and relatively few firms had access to international finance (the external debt of
banks and firms was also under 10% of GDP, concentrated in the oil industry). As a result, Russia’s sovereign
default—and the associated banking crisis—had a comparatively limited impact on the corporate sector. Some
external corporate debt was rescheduled informally, but no systemic framework was put into place.

Ecuador experienced a much more severe corporate crisis, but it is not clear whether the causality went from
the sovereign to the corporate sector or the other way around. A rapid expansion of domestic credit to the
private sector prior to 1999 contributed to the banking crisis that preceded the sovereign default. External credit
to the private sector was small in relation to public sector external debt, but larger than in Russia (16% of GDP
in 1998). Domestic credit to the private sector was in excess of 20% of GDP. Sixty percent of these loans were
non-performing by 1999. As part of the general financial sector restructuring that followed dollarization, all
loans under US$50,000 were automatically restructured. Larger loans were restructured on a case-by-case basis.

Argentina’s sovereign crisis spilled over into the corporate sector. Firms had borrowed extensively from the
local banking system (domestic credit was in excess of 20% of GDP), and the private sector’s external debt also
exceeded 20% of GDP. Because of the relatively small scale of Argentina’s exports (slightly over 9% of GDP
in 2000) and extensive liability dollarization, many firms without export earnings had foreign currency
denominated debts. Consequently, the sharp real depreciation that followed the end of the currency board
presented a significant threat to the solvency of many firms. Argentina “pesoized” the domestic debts of
Argentine firms in order to try to limit these pressures.

The combination of increased real debt burdens and difficulties rolling over short-term debts have often called
for some form of corporate debt restructuring after a sovereign default. In general, the approaches followed
depend on established domestic systems of creditor rights and bankruptcy legislation to provide the basic
framework for restructuring corporations’ external and internal debt. In circumstances of widespread financial
distress, a process for encouraging out-of-court agreements in the “shadow” of an adequate formal insolvency
system can be more efficient than allowing a large number of firms to enter bankruptcy procedures at the same
time. These frameworks typically focus on replicating “out of court” the basic features of bankruptcy regimes—
creditors agree to refrain from litigation and provide new financing while restructuring terms are negotiated.
                                            - 21 -




asset prices, including the currency; (iv) nonresidents’ access to domestic capital markets,
thus making it more difficult for them to speculate offshore; (v) where unavoidable, suspend
transfers of amortization payments on private foreign debt, and as a last resort, interest
payments.

39.     To minimize the distortions and disruption of commercial activities associated
with the introduction of controls, some exemptions could be considered, including on (i)
current account, especially trade-related, transactions; (ii) direct investment flows; (iii) debt
service associated with foreign debt contracted after the imposition of controls; (iv) private
sector payments on foreign debt to help enterprises retain some access to new foreign credit,
including for trade, and avoid legal actions by remaining current on their debt service.

40.      Third, the enforceability of controls. In general, the necessary capacity to enforce
controls is likely to be better developed in countries with a tradition of exchange controls
(where existing controls may only have to be tightened) than in countries that have had
liberal financial markets for some time and no longer have the necessary infrastructure in
place. Successful enforcement demands a comprehensive information and disclosure system
between the exchange control authority and the commercial banks. Additional restrictions
may have to be introduced to control circumventions. For example, requiring trade
transactions to be conducted on the basis of letters of credit makes it easier to match
payments and receipts against shipping and customs declarations, thereby preventing the
over- and under-invoicing of trade; and, similarly, requiring documentation of external
borrowing could limit the scope for it to serve as a vehicle for capital flight. Regulations may
have to be designed to limit residents’ and non residents’ ability to modify leads and lags (in
the timing of payments) on the trade account, which can exert non negligible pressures on
foreign reserves. All these requirements manifest the distortions that controls impose to the
economy.

41.      Transparency and a strict enforcement of the controls is crucial for their
effectiveness. Existing administrative capacity to apply controls and the regulator’s
reputation for strict enforcement can play an important role in containing circumvention
efforts. Nonetheless, the more sophisticated a country’s financial market has become, the
more opportunities for arbitrage and circumvention it provides, and the more difficult it is to
monitor all these transactions closely.

42.     The announcement of controls ideally should be accompanied by a time frame
for their withdrawal. Controls only serve as a transitory remedy, while the debt
restructuring is underway and sound macroeconomic policies are being implemented. To be
perceived as such by the public, the controls would have to be presented as an element of the
overall restructuring effort with a firm commitment (possibly in the context of a Fund
arrangement) to lift them as this process is brought to completion. Otherwise, even the most
targeted controls would create significant distortions over time. If extended beyond the
period needed to complete the restructuring, the controls could rapidly lose their
effectiveness, and may exacerbate rather than reduce the disruptions in the economy.
                                            - 22 -




43.      While members are prohibited from imposing restrictions on the making of
payments and transfers for current international transactions without Fund approval,
Article VI, Section 3 recognizes the right of members to impose capital controls when
necessary to regulate international capital movements. 20 The scope of the right of
members under Article VI, Section 3 has been interpreted broadly, and includes the authority
to permit, prohibit, or limit inward and outward capital movements. The Fund has treated as
“capital” any payment or transaction that does not fall within the definition of “payments for
current transactions” set out in Article XXX(d). On Fund support for exchange restrictions
under the Articles of Agreement, according to Art. VIII, Section 2(a), a member which
intends to impose measures that give rise to restrictions on the making of “payments of
transfers of current international transactions” (defined in Art. XXX (d)) has to seek the
Fund’s prior approval.21 Measures that preclude residents from making payments and
transfers for current international transactions, such as interest or moderate amounts of
amortization on loans, or that restrict nonresidents from making transfers of balances
acquired in recent current international transactions, have been found to give rise to such
restrictions. The Fund is prepared to give temporary approval to such restrictions, when
applied for balance of payments reasons, provided they are necessary, temporary and non-
discriminatory.22

           III. THE OVERALL COORDINATING FRAMEWORK FOR SOVEREIGN DEBT
                                 RESTRUCTURING

44.     A key issue that policy makers need to address in sovereign default cases
concerns how to set up a framework for coordinating the restructuring of various forms
of debt. In conjunction with determining the appropriate scale and path of fiscal and external
adjustment, a framework for coordinating the overall restructuring of the sovereign’s debt
needs to be developed so that the restructuring agreements with different groups of creditors
combine to produce a payments profile consistent with the adjustment path and a sustainable
debt stock. This section discusses these coordination issues.

45.    A sovereign that needs to seek a debt restructuring will often have many
different kinds of debts outstanding. Some debt will be governed by external law, some by
domestic law. Some external debt will be owed to private creditors, some to official bilateral

20
  This paper does not discuss the broader issue relating to the vulnerability of domestic
enterprises to litigation that may arise as a result of the default that occurred following the
imposition of capital controls.
21
   The concept of “restrictions” is not defined in the Articles, but the Fund’s guiding principle
to determine a restriction is the involvement of a direct governmental limitation on the
availability or use of exchange as such, Decision No. 1034-(60/27) June 1, 1960.
22
     Ibid, see also Decision No. 955—(59/45), October 23, 1959.
                                           - 23 -




creditors and some to multilateral development banks and the Fund. And currency of
denomination may differ. The sovereign will need to decide which external law debts to
restructure and the extent to which it will be necessary to restructure other categories of
claims, including domestic debt. The sovereign will also need to assess the advantages of a
targeted debt restructuring focused on certain categories of claims against those of a more
comprehensive restructuring.

46.     Although there may be economic reasons for attempting a more targeted
restructuring, achieving a satisfactory debt-service profile is likely in many cases to
require a comprehensive approach both in order to bring the overall debt-service level
and profile to a sustainable position, and to achieve sufficient inter-creditor equity to
garner support for the restructuring proposals. Clearly, the benefits of a comprehensive
debt restructuring need to be weighed carefully against considerations about the viability of
the domestic financial system, balance sheet effects, and the implications for economic
activity. In some circumstances this may require a two-stage process, where initially
domestic banks would at least receive interest pending the restructuring, while other creditors
might be subject to a more comprehensive cessation of payments. Nonetheless, achieving
sustainability is the paramount objective, and a comprehensive approach, by spreading the
costs of restructuring and improving inter-creditor equity, may improve the chances of
reaching agreement on a restructuring on terms that are consistent with a return to medium-
term viability. Each creditor group whose debt is restructured may predicate any agreement
on assurances that other creditors will face similar debt reductions. Indeed, achieving a given
reduction from one group of creditors could be futile if other creditor groups subsequently
negotiate more favorable terms—possibly necessitating reopening negotiations if the overall
terms of the various restructuring agreements are inconsistent with sustainability. This
highlights the desirability to negotiate simultaneously on multiple tracks in a collective
framework.

47.     There is at present no formal system for coordinating a comprehensive debt
restructuring for sovereign debtors. Official bilateral debt is generally restructured in the
context of the Paris Club, based on an Agreed Minute, although claims of non-Paris Club
countries are restructured separately. 23 Sovereign external debt held by private creditors,
particularly commercial banks can be restructured in the context of the London Club (as was
the case in Russia’s restructuring - see Box 5). In other cases, no formal creditor committee is
formed, or negotiations can take place with different groups of creditors or without any
negotiations at all (i.e., through unilateral debt exchange efforts on an instrument by
instrument basis). Domestic debt is restructured according to the laws of the sovereign
debtor. Against this setting, there is no comprehensive framework in place now that can help

23
  It should be noted that Paris Club restructurings are not aimed a priori at achieving a
sustainable debt profile but, rather, at providing a country with cash flow relief during the
“consolidation period” (i.e. on claims falling due during the period of the Fund-supported
program).
                                                           - 24 -




                    Box 5. Coordination Issues in Sovereign Debt Restructuring
The countries discussed in Box 1 followed different approaches in the restructuring of their debt.

Russia differentiated between various groups of creditors, and the ultimate restructuring terms for domestic debt (46 different
issues of GKOs/OFZs), Paris Club debt and London Club were quite different. Eurobonds were not restructured. The ability
of Russia to differentiate among private holders was driven mainly by its strong legal hand: the obligor for a large part of the
London Club debt was Vnesheconombank rather than the sovereign; a substantial part of the domestic (GKO) debt could be
restructured under local law; and creditors were perceived to have limited recourse to successful litigation strategies. An
important coordinating mechanism for restructuring the external privately held debt was the London Club’s Bank Advisory
Committee, which had previously restructured the Soviet era debt. As a substantial portion of this debt had been securitized
and sold in the secondary market, a separate group was organized—the London Portfolio Managers Association—to
represent the interests of institutional investors and to liaise with the Bank Advisory Committee. There was a tension between
London Club and Paris Club creditors when the latter refused to accept a restructuring on similar terms.

Ecuador’s dialogue with the bondholder community was limited in the eleven months between the initial default and the
announcement of a comprehensive debt exchange in late July 2000. This reflected the authorities’ concern about losing
leverage in the negotiations, the diversity of the creditor base (various types of institutional investors, commercial banks,
insurance companies and hedge funds, but relatively few retail investors), and problems in forming a representative creditor
committee. Relations with foreign creditors were further strained by what was seen as an unfairly advantageous restructuring
of domestic debt. The authorities did establish a so-called Consultative Group, consisting of eight institutional holders with
large exposure, but only two meetings were held. No meetings were held with minority bondholders. In May 2000, however,
following the approval of the Fund arrangement, an open meeting was held with bondholders to discuss Ecuador’s
dollarization program, economic recovery measures, and program financing issues. Projections presented at this meeting
were disseminated to the wider investor community through the website of the Emerging Markets Traders Association.
Ultimately, the restructuring succeeded in achieving 97 percent bondholder participation through the innovative use of exit
consents. Nonetheless, Ecuador was forced to settle arrears on holdout bonds, in order to shelter itself from litigation. As in
the case of Russia, disagreements between private creditors and the Paris Club over the lack of reverse comparability of
treatment emerged after the debt exchange.

Pakistan’s experience reversed the sequence followed in Russia and Ecuador in that a Paris Club rescheduling, requiring a
restructuring of private debt on comparable terms, preceded an exchange offer for Eurobonds. As in Ecuador, however,
Pakistan avoided a formal meeting with bondholders. While the bonds included collective action clauses, the authorities
feared that the required majority restructuring threshold might not be achieved, and that a meeting could help creditors
coordinate disruptive legal strategies. The authorities were able to contact key creditors and conduct informal dialogues
concerning the bond restructuring proposal. The restructuring was facilitated by the relative homogeneity of the investor
base, mainly financial institutions and retail investors in the Middle East. In the end, the exchange enjoyed widespread
participation with over 99 percent of all bonds tendered.

Ukraine’s bonds were held by a limited number of investment banks and hedge funds. As in Pakistan, the authorities
engaged in informal discussions with investors concerning the terms of restructuring. However, one bond was held by a wide
base of retail investors in Asia and Europe, complicating the process of consultation. The authorities retained four investment
banks to identify and market the exchange to retail investors. In contrast to the Pakistan bond exchange, Ukraine employed a
novel use of the collective action clauses embedded in three bonds governed by Luxembourg law. By requiring a qualified
majority of proxy votes before calling a formal meeting, Ukraine ensured that the proposed new payment terms would be
accepted. Consistent with the need to smooth out a liquidity hump more than reducing the debt stock, the new bonds in the
April 2000 exchange were offered on attractive terms: no debt forgiveness or reduction in principal, no interest-free grace
period, amortization starting in 2001 and cash payment of all accrued but unpaid interest. Ukraine was briefly technically in
default while the exchange offer was open. Bondholders, however, chose not to accelerate their claims or initiate legal
proceedings, and Ukraine managed to achieve a very high level of participation - 99 percent of old bonds were tendered in
the exchange.

Argentina’s progress in restructuring its foreign held debt following the interruption of the two-phase approach in December
2001 has been limited. More recently, however, the authorities have met with institutional creditors, as well as with some
groups of retail bondholders. Efforts to lay out a broader debt restructuring strategy have been complicated by the significant
uncertainty regarding Argentina’s macroeconomic strategy and future payment capacity. In addition, delays in advancing the
dialogue with creditors have led to litigation. To date, around thirty lawsuits have been initiated, including some class action
suits in New York. In February 2003, the authorities appointed an external advisor to assist in managing relations with
creditors and in preparations for debt restructuring negotiations.
                                           - 25 -




guide the coordination of various elements of a restructuring process, achieve predictability,
and give some assurance of inter-creditor equity, or sufficient progress toward achieving debt
sustainability.24 25

48.      To the extent that countries in need of debt restructuring seek a Fund
arrangement, the macroeconomic framework underlying the arrangement can help
anchor deliberations between the debtor and its creditors. A Fund-supported program
typically provides a signal to creditors and the international community that the authorities
have embarked on a coherent strategy to deal with the crisis and a framework for monitoring
the implementation of the needed policy adjustment measures. The magnitude of the needed
debt reduction is the difference between the existing debt level (taking into account the
aforementioned valuation issues) and the sovereign’s long-term sustainable debt level. The
macroeconomic framework will inform some of the parameters and the underlying policies
as discussed in Section II.C above. In all cases, the baseline fiscal path will involve balancing
the restructuring terms that creditors can accept and the adjustment that the sovereign can
realistically deliver without undermining prospects for future growth.

49.     Restoring sustainability is generally likely to require efforts to coordinate the
actions of different creditor groups. While creditors collectively have an interest in a
restructuring that results in the resumption of debt service and a viable debt-service path—
indeed, the NPV of debt-service payments following a debt restructuring can be higher as the
debt overhang is eliminated, real interest rates fall and growth prospects are improved26—
each creditor would prefer a restructuring that minimizes its own financial concessions. Early
consultation with a broad range of creditors can help the sovereign understand the different
interests of creditors, the types of restructurings most likely to attract broad support, and
whether or not some instruments can be excluded from the restructuring. As it proceeds with
the restructuring, it is important for the sovereign to share all relevant information and to
explain how it proposes to treat different classes of creditors, the adjustment effort that it




24
  Sometimes a Paris Club agreement precedes an agreement with private creditors, e.g. in
the case of Pakistan, and sometimes it does not, as in the case of Ecuador.
25
  The SDRM would establish a framework for the restructuring of the claims of private
creditors governed by external law, and—depending upon its coverage—possibly also the
claims of official bilateral creditors. In addition, there are a number of features of the
proposed mechanism that could help facilitate the coordination of the restructuring of debts
that would be restructured outside the mechanism.
26
  In these circumstances, an orderly and prompt restructuring can create value for both
creditors and debtors.
                                           - 26 -




plans to undertake, and how the concessions it seeks from different groups of creditors will
combine to achieve the debt-service relief that is ultimately needed.27

50.     The Fund’s policy regarding the “good faith criterion” in its lending into
sovereign arrears to private creditors has special relevance for the modalities of the
sovereign’s dialogue with its creditors, and is an important step toward the
development of a code of conduct concerning the renegotiation of sovereign debt. The
policy is flexible with regard to the form of the collaborative dialogue. Dialogue and
coordination can take place within an informal structure or through a formal representative
committee, depending on the complexity of the individual case and on the timely
organization of a sufficiently representative committee.

51.    The Fund’s assessment of a member’s good faith efforts is guided by the
following general principles:

•      The debtor should engage in early dialogue, which should continue until the
       restructuring is complete. In cases where a representative committee of creditors has
       been established, a collective framework for negotiations should be established.

•      The member should share relevant, non-confidential information with all creditors or
       a steering committee on a timely basis. This information would include an
       explanation of the adjustment program and the financial circumstances that justify a
       restructuring, as well as a comprehensive picture of all domestic and external claims,
       including official claims, and the broad process by which restructuring would restore
       medium-term viability. Creditor committees can also play a useful role in assessing
       confidential information, provided that confidentiality can be preserved.

•      The member should provide creditors with an early opportunity to give input on the
       design of the restructuring strategy. This could help address the specific needs of
       different types of investors, thereby increasing the likelihood of a high participation
       rate.

52.      Fund support of a program that lays out the overall payments profile consistent
with the country’s monetary and fiscal program can therefore help to coordinate the
restructuring of the claims of different groups of creditors. It allows each creditor group
that is participating in the restructuring to assess the overall payments envelope and the
proposed treatment of different classes of claims. A Fund program also provides a framework
for monitoring whether the sovereign is taking the steps to implement the needed policy
adjustment measures. In addition, financing reviews under the lending into arrears policy
provide a framework to check that sufficient progress is made toward restoring sustainability.

27
  See “Fund Policy on Lending into Arrears to Private Creditors—Further Consideration of
the Good Faith Criterion,” (SM/02/248, July 31, 2002).
                                           - 27 -




                              IV. ROLE OF FUND FINANCING

53.     While a program supported by the Fund may provide a framework for the
resolution of the crisis, an important question concerns the appropriate use of, and
scale of access to, Fund resources in sovereign debt restructuring cases. In order to
ensure the revolving character of the Fund’s resources, the Fund can only lend if it has
adequate assurances that the member’s balance of payments position will be sufficiently
strong to allow repurchase. This precludes Fund financing in cases where the member’s debt
situation is unsustainable, unless this situation is addressed.28 For a member with an already
precarious debt burden, a Fund decision to withhold financial assistance in the absence of a
needed debt restructuring may lead the member to seek such a debt restructuring, possibly
under the provisions of the SDRM (Box 6).

54.     In those cases where a program supported by the Fund is in place, the goal
should be to resolve the balance of payment problem of the member and achieve
medium-term external sustainability while fostering sustainable economic growth. This
means supporting a restructuring of the sovereign’s overall debt that restores a viable balance
of payments position, allows for the lifting of any exchange controls as soon as possible, and
establishes a sustainable debt situation in which prolonged use of Fund resources is not
contemplated and repayment of existing Fund exposure is assured.

55.      Under the Articles, Fund financing can only be used to meet a country’s balance
of payments need. A member can have a balance of payments need “because of its balance
of payments or its reserve position or developments in its reserves” (Article V, Section 3 (b)
(ii)).29 A Fund arrangement provides general balance of payments support, which will
typically imply a replenishment of the central bank’s reserves. This augmentation in gross
reserves can serve to enhance the sovereign’s foreign exchange coverage over short-term
claims, or be used for exchange rate intervention within the confines of the program’s
parameters.

56.     The financing needs of a sovereign undertaking debt restructuring may be
severe. While a standstill on payments is likely to provide a sovereign with some limited
breathing space, this could well be offset by a deterioration in the private capital account,
putting pressure on already very low levels of reserves (Russia, for example, lost 40 percent

28
  See “Access Policy in Capital Account Crises—Modifications to the Supplementary
Reserve Facility and Follow-Up Issues Related to Exceptional Access Policy,” (EBS/03/20,
January 14, 2003) and “Access Policy in Capital Account Crises,” (SM/02/246, July 30,
2002).
29
  See “Need as a Condition for the Use of Fund Resources,” (SM/94/299) for a more
detailed discussion of the legal and economic considerations surrounding the concept of
“need”.
                                                   - 28 -




               Box 6. The Role of the Fund in the Debt Restructuring Process

Fund policies and decisions are guided by the provisions of its Articles. Fund resources are to be made
temporarily available to members under adequate safeguards to help them resolve problems in their balance of
payments. These safeguards require conditioning the availability of Fund resources on the adoption of
appropriate adjustment policies and preclude Fund financing in situations where the member’s debt is
unsustainable, unless the situation is addressed. Inevitably, Fund decisions play a role in a number of
dimensions of the restructuring process:

•       The Fund’s judgment about debt sustainability and the availability and scale of financing it is willing
        to provide in the absence of a debt restructuring could influence a member’s decision as to whether to
        seek a debt restructuring and, possibly, suspend payments to conserve its international reserves.

•       While the member is negotiating a restructuring with its creditors, it will normally be working with the
        Fund on the development of an appropriate policy framework. To merit Fund support, a program
        should be economically coherent, properly financed, and consistent with a return to balance of
        payments viability and debt sustainability. Such a framework can provide an anchor both for the
        formulation and implementation of policies and for debt restructuring negotiations.

•       An important element of a Fund-supported program will be a fiscal and external adjustment path
        consistent with a return to debt sustainability. A program will help establish an envelope of resources
        available for debt service by the sovereign and, in this respect, help coordinate the restructurings of the
        claims of different creditor groups as noted in section III.

•       Fund support for a member that is in arrears on its obligations to private external creditors would be
        guided by the lending into arrears policy, including the Fund’s assessment of the member’s good faith
        efforts to reach a collaborative agreement with its creditors. Progress toward a restructuring agreement
        will be monitored in programs by financing reviews.

•       The Fund would assess the consistency of the restructuring agreement with the adjustment path in the
        member’s economic program and whether the resulting medium-term payments profile is consistent
        with a return to sustainability. These judgments would have a bearing on the Fund’s decisions
        regarding further financial support to the member and may therefore need to be taken into account by
        the member and its creditors in reaching agreement.



of its reserves in the month prior to default). Some of the key needs for external support that
could be provided by IFIs are the following:

•       Trade Financing. Debt restructuring could lead to an asymmetric deterioration in
        access to trade credit. Exporters, in principle, should benefit from any depreciation in
        the exchange rate, enhancing their profitability—although this may be offset to the
        extent they rely on imported inputs, or their financing is affected by a disruption to
        the domestic banking system. For importers, the situation is likely to be more
        difficult, as domestic banks lose access to external credit lines, and external financing
        dries up due to perceived increased credit risk arising from the uncertain
        environment. Fund financing may have a role to play in helping finance needed
        imports of goods and services and prevent a collapse in output.
                                           - 29 -




•      Containment of balance sheet effects. In an environment of high uncertainty about the
       future value of domestic currency assets, monetary policy alone may not be effective
       in stemming capital outflows. Interest rates that might attract foreign inflows by
       compensating for the risk of further depreciation or confiscation could be extremely
       high, with negative effects on balance sheets and real activity. IFI financing may help
       prevent a sharp overshooting of the exchange rate and contain pressures on sectoral
       balance sheets.

•      Targeted support for the banking sector. External liquidity could enable domestic
       monetary authorities to operate a dollar discount window for banks (e.g. Korea ’97),
       enabling private banks to stay current on their external obligations. Also, to the extent
       that the source of capital flight is founded in concerns about the credibility of a
       guarantee backing, for instance, foreign currency denominated deposits, the provision
       of external liquidity could allay these concerns.

•      Minimizing the collapse of investment. In an environment where investment is already
       depressed (due to a deterioration in balance sheets and a loss of access to foreign
       credit), IFI financing directly or indirectly to the government could mitigate crowding
       out the private sector in an environment where sources of investment financing are
       extremely scarce. In cases where the balance of payments need is exacerbated by
       large fiscal imbalance, such financing may also reduce the need for central bank
       financing in the absence of other budget financing sources.

•      Maintaining access to priority financing. Limited reserves may be used to service
       claims of creditors whose continued support is essential for economic stabilization.
       To achieve a more viable debt-service profile the sovereign may seek access to the
       Fund or other IFI lending facilities with longer maturities, as appropriate.

57.      There are limits, however, to what the Fund can and should finance in a debt
restructuring context. Fund resources should not be used to comprehensively underwrite
liabilities of the financial or corporate sector, or to finance payments to private creditors on
debt subject to restructuring except in a limited, temporary context. Fund or other IFI lending
should be considerate of the need not to increase excessively the rigidity of the country’s
debt stock (by providing preferred credit) to an extent that future repayment capacity is
endangered. Moreover, there may be cases where foreign support is clearly insufficient and
undesirable to back up a guarantee.30 Also, while limited provision of external liquidity

30
  In some emerging markets, for instance, deposits to GDP stand in the range of 50-100
percent of GDP, well in excess of available IFI financing. By comparison, the average ratio
of (annualized) Fund financing to GDP between 1993-2001 was 1.4 percent of GDP for
arrangements within the access limits and 3.3 percent of GDP for exceptional access
arrangements. The recent arrangement for Uruguay lies at the extreme end of the range with
annualized access to GDP (as projected at the time of approval) at 10.5 percent of GDP.
                                            - 30 -




might help overcome a dollar shortage and nip a panic in the bud, sustained large-scale
interventions to accommodate large capital outflows may be ineffective. Indeed, the Fund is
prohibited from financing large or sustained outflows of capital (Article VI, Section 1).

58.     Judging the appropriate access level in debt restructuring cases will pose
particular challenges. These are related to the different nature of the balance of payments
need described above, and the high degree of uncertainty surrounding macroeconomic
variables. In addition, the basic incentive problem described in section II.C - i.e. the trade-off
between adjustment and debt reduction - also applies to the consideration of new financing,
to avoid supporting insufficient policy adjustment or excessive debt-service payments. These
highly uncertain circumstances would generally imply limited financing within normal
access limits to help safeguard Fund resources, given the precarious debt situation until the
process of restructuring is completed and the limited prospects for regaining access to private
market financing. This notwithstanding, there may be cases that warrant exceptional access.31
Such circumstances could arise in those cases where the member is not in a position to make
significant net repurchases to the Fund or where economic activity is excessively and directly
hampered by a shortage of foreign exchange. In these rare cases, the justification of
exceptional access in the context of a debt restructuring should be particularly strong. The
need for exceptional financing to support a strategy for limiting economic disruption
associated with debt reduction has to be balanced against the need to avoid adding to the debt
burden or adversely affecting the debt composition of an already over-indebted sovereign.

59.     During the period the member is negotiating a restructuring with its creditors,
the conditions of the Fund’s policy on lending into arrears will apply, whether or not
the member has invoked the SDRM. In addition to an assessment of the good faith
criterion mentioned above, the Fund could continue to make disbursements dependent on
financing reviews. These reviews are a way of ensuring that the negotiations with creditors
converge on the objective of reestablishing sustainability. Should such objective prove
elusive, the adjustment parameters of the program would need to be reconsidered to avoid an
interruption in Fund financing.

                                  V. ISSUES FOR DISCUSSION

60.     This paper provides a preliminary overview of the complex issues arising in the
resolution of crises that require a sovereign debt restructuring. Staff will continue its work on
these aspects in parallel to developing the operational design of the SDRM. In particular,
further work will focus on the best approaches to the resolution of systemic banking
problems, and the appropriate use of exchange controls to supplement and facilitate
restructuring.

31
  Circumstances that might warrant exceptional access to Fund resources were discussed by
the Board in the context of the paper on access policy in capital account crises,
BUFF/02/159, September 20, 2002.
                                        - 31 -




•   The paper discusses issues involved in determining a reasonable adjustment path
    following a debt restructuring decision and in the midst of a highly uncertain
    economic environment. Directors may wish to comment on the overall framework in
    determining this path and the appropriate scope (comprehensive vs. targeted) for
    sovereign debt restructuring to ensure a return to medium-term sustainability.

•   The paper outlines the challenges in protecting the banking system in restructuring
    cases where domestic banks have significant holdings of claims on the sovereign. Do
    Directors share the assessment on the limited effectiveness of conventional crisis
    resolution measures in these cases? Directors may wish to comment on measures that
    could be considered to forestall deposit runs.

•   Recognizing that administrative measures are disruptive, how do Directors see the
    balance of costs and benefits in using them as a last resort and in the context of a
    well-defined time frame? Are there other strategies in addition to the ones discussed
    in the paper that Directors consider appropriate?

•   The paper discusses circumstances under which the temporary imposition of
    exchange controls may reduce the scope for capital flight in the context of a sovereign
    debt restructuring. Directors may wish to comment on the appropriate design and use
    of controls in these cases.

•   Directors may wish to comment on the role of a Fund-supported program under the
    lending into arrears policy as a coordinating framework in cases where claims of
    different groups of creditors need to be restructured.

•   In sovereign debt restructuring situations, financing constraints are particularly acute.
    Directors may wish to comment on the appropriate access to, and use of, Fund
    resources in these circumstances.
