1.  Home
2.  Historical Documents
3.  Foreign Relations of the United States, Diplomatic Papers, 1945, The
    Far East, China, Volume VII
4.  Document 562

Foreign Relations of the United States, Diplomatic Papers, 1945, The Far East, China, Volume VII

Marshall Mission Files, Lot 54–D270

Memorandum by the Chargé in China (Robertson) to General Marshall 

[CHUNGKING,] December 19, 1945.

GENERAL MARSHALL:

1. The dominant feature of the Chinese economic situation is the
continuance of the wartime currency hyperinflation in a country in which
the process of unification, economic as well as political, is proceeding
quite slowly. All the phenomena concomitant upon
hyperinflation—including rapid expansion of note issue, sustained and
severe rise in prices, exorbitant interest rates (8 to 10 percent a
month), flight from the currency, etc.—are present in China, Note issue
continues to expand at an alarmingly rapid rate; it was CN $900 billion
in November and will be a trillion by the end of the year, an increase
of five times since December, 1944.

The main cause of the hyperinflation is the inability of the Government
to finance expenditures from current receipts from taxation, etc., which
compels it to resort to the printing press. The budgetary deficit shows
no signs of decreasing. It will be over CN $1 trillion this year and
there is still little evidence forthcoming to show that the budgetary
situation will undergo any pronounced improvement in 1946. This will
remain the case as long as the Government’s military responsibilities
and expenditures continue to be as heavy as they are.

Prices in the interior have fallen very slightly since the end of the
war and are still over 2,000 times 1937 levels. However, prices in the
coastal areas have risen sharply since the cessation of hostilities, and
it is to be feared that the general upward swing of prices will be
maintained as long as the budgetary situation continues so unfavorable.

2. China’s Internation[al] Financial Position. While China has
considerable foreign exchange assets—approximately US $1 billion
including Government gold and foreign exchange and private foreign
exchange assets—she is bound to make very heavy foreign exchange
expenditures for some time before she receives substantial amounts of
foreign exchange on current account from exports and from overseas
remittances. Moreover, she will need a very large sum of foreign
exchange for eventual currency stabilization, probably around US $ half
a billion. Thus, China’s foreign exchange assets are small in relation
to her needs, and she is likely to be a borrower for some time.

[Page 785]

The Export-Import Bank is already negotiating a loan of US $560 million
to China, and China will certainly need more to facilitate the process
of economic recovery. China will not only borrow from the Export-Import
Bank, but will also undoubtedly avail itself of member privileges in the
International Monetary Fund and International Bank for Reconstruction
and Development to obtain access to more foreign exchange.

The resumption of normal international financial relations by China is
severely retarded by the existence of the fictitious official exchange
rate of 20 to 1. The final stabilization of China’s currency must await
her putting her financial and economic house in order which in turn must
await her putting her political house in order.

Contents

- Preface
- General wartime relations between the United States and China with
  emphasis on China’s military position and United States efforts to
  give military assistance to China (January–August 11) (Documents
  1–122)
- Political conditions in China prior to the Japanese surrender; good
  offices of Ambassador Hurley to end conflict between the National
  Government and the Communists (January–August) (Documents 123–303)
- Political conditions in China following the Japanese surrender;
  continued interest of the United States in efforts to end conflict
  between the National Government and the Communists (August–December)
  (Documents 304–344)
- Questions involving Japanese surrender arrangements
  - I. Chinese participation in Japanese surrender; dispute between the
    Chinese and the British and French respectively over surrender of
    Japanese in Hong Kong and Indochina (Documents 345–373)
  - II. Proposed joint statement on China respecting surrender of
    Japanese troops to Generalissimo Chiang Kai-shek (Documents 374–387)
- General situation in China following Japanese surrender: Civil strife
  between Communists and National Government forces; Chinese Government
  requests for American aid and advice; use of American military forces
  to aid in evacuation of Japanese from China (Documents 388–529)
- Resignation of Ambassador Patrick J. Hurley; correspondence respecting
  certain charges made by the Ambassador (Documents 530–540)
- The Marshall Mission: Instructions to General of the Army George C.
  Marshall regarding United States policy toward China; first
  conferences in China (Documents 541–578)
- Discussions at the Moscow Meeting of Foreign Ministers (December
  16–26) regarding withdrawal of Soviet and American troops from China
  (Documents 579–593)
- Sino-Soviet Relations:
  - I. Interest of the United States in the negotiation of the
    Sino-Soviet Treaty of August 14, 1945; attempts by the United States
    to obtain a public reaffirmation of the Open Door Policy (Documents
    594–704)
  - II. Continued revolts and unrest in Sinkiang Province; efforts to
    bring about a settlement of issues (Documents 705–755)
  - III. Soviet postwar policies and actions regarding Manchuria
    (Documents 756–787)
- Financial relations between the United States and China: Efforts to
  assist in curbing inflation in China; shipment of gold to China;
  financial settlement of yuan expenditures by United States military
  forces; Lend-Lease questions; disposal of surplus property; exchange
  rates, etc. (Documents 788–921)
- Representation by the United States regarding registration of American
  business firms in China; efforts to persuade the Chinese Government to
  modify provisions of proposed company law (Documents 922–966)
- Preliminary discussions regarding the negotiation of a treaty of
  friendship, commerce and navigation with China (Documents 967–985)
- Representations regarding Chinese restrictions on remittances to the
  United States by American film distributors in China (Documents
  986–996)
- Interest of the United States in plans and policies of the Chinese
  Government for postwar economic reconstruction and in promotion of
  American trade interests in China (Documents 997–1026)
- Postwar transfer of Foreign Diplomatic Quarter, International
  Settlements, and Concessions to China (Documents 1027–1029)
- Protection of American lives and property in China; repatriation of
  American citizens interned in China during the war and restoration of
  American property in liberated China (Documents 1030–1077)
- Arrangements for providing technical assistance from the United States
  for China (Documents 1078–1110)
- Dissatisfaction of the United States with results of first trial by
  Chinese court of an American citizen (Documents 1111–1116)
- Reopening of American consular posts in liberated China and requests
  respecting radio communications (Documents 1117–1138)
- Objections by the United States to the Chinese Government’s exclusion
  of certain American press correspondents (Documents 1139–1149)
- Exchange of views between the United States and China regarding the
  administration of liberated areas (Documents 1150–1155)
- Exchange of views between the United States and China on the future
  status of Korea and the question of recognizing a provisional Korean
  Government
- Index

Persons

Abbreviations & Terms

Historical Documents

- About the Foreign Relations Series
- Status of the Foreign Relations Series
- History of the Foreign Relations Series
- Foreign Relations Ebooks
- Other Electronic Resources
- Guide to Sources on Vietnam, 1969-1975
- Citing the Foreign Relations series
