1.  Home
2.  Historical Documents
3.  Foreign Relations of the United States, 1949, The Far East: China,
    Volume IX
4.  Document 684

Foreign Relations of the United States, 1949, The Far East: China, Volume IX

893.515/1–449

The Ambassador in China (Stuart) to the Secretary of State 3

NANKING,] January 4, 1949.
[Received January 14.]

No. 6

SIR: I have the honor to refer to the progress of inflation in China
during the past twelve months and to describe in non-technical narrative
certain of its financial aspects.

On the first of January, 1948 the Chinese National Currency was quoted
on Shanghai’s black market at about 140,000 to US$1.00. From then on its
slide was uninterrupted but with accelerated momentum until August 19
when the new currency unit, the Gold Yuan, was introduced. Under the
Currency Measure of that date the CNC was converted into GY at the rate
of 3,000,000 to 1 GY. The GY itself was established at a parity of 4 GY
to US$1.00. The conversion rate into US dollars accordingly was
12,000,000 to 1, the figure which approximated the black market rate on
that date in Shanghai. It was, however, somewhat lower than the black
market rate then prevailing for US dollars in North China and
considerably higher than the going rate in South China.

During the Spring commodity prices had accompanied or slightly preceded
the rise of the US dollar in terms of CNC in the black market.
Adjustments of the open market rate on which legal exports and resultant
dollar earnings depended were infrequent and inadequate. In consequence
total declared exports averaged during the first six months of the year
approximately US$15,000,000 a month, while inward remittances almost
ceased. Import licenses were charily issued, and inbound shipments were
further reduced by a flourishing smuggler’s trade via Hong Kong.

[Page 730]

In May, under pressure of the business community, Chinese as well as
foreign, a partial “link” system was put in effect known as the
“Exchange Surrender Certificate Plan”. Under this scheme the exporter
sold his foreign exchange proceeds to the Central Bank, which issued him
a certificate which he could sell on the open market to importers who
were required to have such a certificate in order to buy their foreign
exchange. The theory was reasonable, but its practice was not. The
market was manipulated in the sense that a drastic further restriction
on issuance of import licenses so reduced the demand for the
certificates that they fell to a level little more than half the black
market rate for dollars. Moreover the Central Bank itself entered the
market from time to time, buying and selling certificates. The result
produced the curious economic anomaly whereby exports were controlled in
fact by the volume of imports. This unusual situation still further
increased the resemblance of the Chinese economy to “Alice in
Wonderland”.

By mid-June, exports were at a standstill, substantially the full load
of essential imports was expected to be assumed by the ECA4 program then
getting under way, and the decline in the value of CNC had reached the
point where sheer physical inconvenience entered the conduct of
transactions in a circulating medium which required practically a bushel
basketful to buy a newspaper.

It was clear that the Government must do something, but their course of
action was not unveiled until August 19. In brief, the solution then
presented was the conversion of CNC into a new currency, the Gold Yuan,
tied to the US dollar in the ratio of 4 to 1 and backed by a reserve, 40
percent of which constituted gold, silver and hard currencies, and 60
percent Government-owned shares in state enterprises. All gold, silver
and foreign currency held in China was called in. Deposits abroad were
similarly slated for transfer to the Government. Finally, all prices and
wages were frozen at the level of August 19.

The principal authorship of this plan has been credibly attributed to
Wong Wen-hao, the Prime Minister; Wang Yung-wu, Finance Minister; and
Hsu Po-yuan, Vice Minister of Finance. O. K. Yui, Governor of Central
Bank, played a slight though less clearcut role of parentage.

The preparation of the plan, particularly the currency reform, was a
closely and successfully guarded secret. One vital change is believed to
have taken place in the scheme only a few days before its promulgation.
The facts appear to be that the Generalissimo’s5 approval of [Page 731]
the plan was required, since it involved trusteeing China’s gold stock,
amounting to something under three million ounces, over which the
Generalissimo himself has long exercised a close and jealous personal
control. The original scheme put up to the Generalissimo included the
daring feature of making the Gold Yuan internally convertible into gold
at a fixed rate. This Nineteenth Century economic solution, while
pleasing to the ghosts of classical economists, beyond question would
have caused John Maynard Keynes6 to rotate rapidly in his grave. It did,
however, have the beauty of audacity and just conceivably might have
sufficiently engaged the confidence of the Chinese people for long
enough noticeably to extend the breathing spell for the Government which
the currency reform was designed to achieve. Apparently the
Generalissimo, with more insight into Chinese economic realism than
respect for the classical school of economists, struck this feature of
the currency reform from the measure presented to him.

It is noteworthy that less than three months later this original feature
was to be reintroduced, at a time when the further disintegration of
China’s currency and economy was even more apparent. The run that then
followed on the Government’s gold stock was at that later point easily
predictable. The irony of it, however, was that the people who had
faithfully turned in their gold as required after August 19 were
afforded the doubtful privilege of re-purchasing it from the Central
Bank at ten times the redemption price in Gold Yuan and under
circumstances which favored the “Yellow Ox” gangs rather than the
original owners.

The August 19th reforms were accompanied by devout declarations of an
intent to balance the budget by reducing governmental expenses and
increasing taxes. The facts of the situation were apparent to anyone who
cared to look. The budget was hopelessly unbalanced and, in all
fairness, could not reasonably be expected to attain balance, so long as
the civil war continued. However, a new currency, a sense of patriotic
fervor which was exploited, and early evidence of a resolution on the
part of the Government rigidly to enforce the measures, particularly in
Shanghai, combined to give the Government a brief breathing space. It
was clear, however, at the outset, to any objective observer, that
during that breathing space three separate actions, in the military and
political fields rather than fiscal, had to be achieved in order to
accomplish any enduring result. The first was some immediate, tangible
evidence of a reduction in the Government’s deficit. The second was an
important military victory by the Nationalist forces in the field. Third
was the execution of an exemplary number of [Page 732] individuals above
the rank of colonel. None of these conditions was met, and by the middle
of September one could predict with safety that the currency and related
economic reform measures were a failure.

Moreover, intelligent and flexible administration of this ambitious
economic reform program was required. Coming as the reform did, with a
secrecy which prevented advance speculative adjustments, the economy of
China was frozen overnight. In so serious an inflationary spiral a host
of major and minor maladjustments exist at any given moment. All these
were frozen on August 19 into the economic fabric of that part of China
which has adopted or absorbed any semblance of a finance-capitalist
society. Costs, for example, were out of line with selling prices in
some important industries. The wide disparity in price levels between
North and South China was another case in point.

Chinese economists and many politicians saw the need for discriminating
adjustments. They were not forthcoming on any significant scale,
primarily because Gen. Chiang Ching-kuo, the Generalissimo’s son, was
placed in charge of enforcement in Shanghai, the financial capital. He
attacked enforcement more as a social crusade than as a problem needing
economic sophistication if the program was to be given its best hope of
success. And he was backed up by his father in every dispute with
bankers, business men, economists and even the Cabinet. One month after
the introduction of the Gold Yuan, time was running out because no
effective, constructive use had been made of the time so expensively
purchased.

Nevertheless, the value of the Gold Yuan in the black market had sagged
by September 20 only 10 percent. Official prices were still prevailing,
but goods were increasingly scarce, as buyers’ sprees, taking advantage
of fixed prices, cleaned out the shelves. Other stocks went under ground
or into a then cautious black market. Moreover, the full scale of the
Communist offensive in Manchuria and in Shantung was unleashed.

The economic head of steam had in the short space of four or five weeks
built up to a pressure which promised an early explosion.
Semi-terroristic enforcement measures in Shanghai, reminiscent of a
modern police state, were losing their effectiveness as the sole prop of
the currency.

Within a month the black market was in full swing both in commodities
and currencies, and by the middle of October the Gold Yuan had lost 80
percent of its value in terms of the US dollar.

On November 1 the Government recognized and accepted the inevitable. The
Premier took personal responsibility for the failure and [Page 733]
resigned. Price and wage ceilings were removed. The only exception to
the removal of price controls was rice, and the inevitable consequence
of this short-sighted action was the failure of rice to move into the
cities, with attendant shortages and food riots.

By the end of November the wheel had come full cycle in the monetary
field. The ownership of, but not transactions in, gold, silver and
foreign currency was once more made legal. Gold and silver were placed
on sale for the people. The net result of this fiasco was to legitimize
the position of the rich who had never turned in their hoards and to
pauperize the fledgling middle class which had faithfully turned in
their gold and then were forced to compete with “Yellow Oxen” to buy it
back at ten times the price. By this brilliant stroke the Government rid
itself of any vestige of support from those who had the most to fear
from Communism, being neither rich enough to hope to buy acceptable
terms from a new regime nor poor enough to feel that a Communist
government could only change their status for the better. The year end
witnessed two interesting economic developments. First was the
introduction in late November of the Foreign Exchange Clearance
Certificate plan. This was really a revival of the discredited surrender
certificate plan of May, which had been officially buried on August 19.
Secondly, the massive Communist victories of November had a curious but
innately logical effect on those individuals who had earlier sought to
protect themselves against inflation by hoarding of commodities. Fear
that these hoards would be discovered and confiscated by the Communists
when they took over led to large scale dumping and conversion of goods
held by speculators into Gold Yuan. A companion fear, however, was that
the Communists might deliberately penalize holders of American dollars
just because they were American. The combination of these two fears
produced a temporary plateau in commodity prices and a relative decline
in the purchasing power of the US dollar.

The forces at work, however, in the form of steady pumping of Gold Yuan
into the circulatory system by the printing press and sober second
thought, not only on the basic stability of the US dollar, but also on
the dollar needs of the Communists to finance essential imports, soon
set the spiral in motion again. All except rice, which responded
sensibly to a freed economy by moving into the cities and going down in
terms of US dollars in faithful reflection of a bumper crop just
harvested.

Converting Gold Yuan into CNC, at the first of the year it required
150,000 CNC to buy one US dollar; by the year’s end it required the
equivalent of over 400 million CNC.

Respectfully yours,

For the Ambassador:

LIVINGSTON T. MERCHANT

Counselor of Embassy

1.  Drafted by the Counselor of Embassy (Merchant).↩
2.  Economic Cooperation Administration.↩
3.  President Chiang Kai-shek.↩
4.  British economist, advocate of managed currency.↩

Contents

- Preface
- Policy of the United States with respect to the question of
  recognition
  - I. Preliminary exchanges with the British; efforts to develop a
    “commonfront” policy; Anglo-American consulation during July and
    August; Anglo-American conversations at Washington in September
    (January–September) (Documents 1–96)
  - II. Chou En-lai’s bid of October 1 for recognition; de facto
    recognition by the British government; reaction of the United States
    and other Powers (October) (Documents 97–172)
  - III. Reactions to British proposal of November 1 favoring de jure
    recognition of the Peiping regime; British decision of December 15
    to accord de jure recognition in January 1950; opposition by the
    United States to hasty recognition (November–December) (Documents
    173–290)
- Policy of the United States toward Formosa (Taiwan): concern of the
  United States regarding possible conquest by Chinese communists
  (Documents 291–495)
- United States military assistance to China: policy decisions
  respecting further military aid to China (Documents 496–590)
- United States economic aid to China
  - I. Enactment of legislation for continuation of aid to China after
    expiration of China Aid Act of 1948 (Documents 591–596)
  - II. Problems encountered by the United States in furnishing aid to
    China under the China Aid Act of 1948 (Documents 597–650)
  - III. Urgent requests by the Chinese Government for a program of
    broad economic assistance (Documents 651–664)
  - IV. Mission to the United States of Dr. Kan Chieh-hou to obtain
    moral support, financial assistance, and military aid and advice.
    (Documents 665–683)
- Financial relations between the United States and China: Chinese
  requests for assistance in fiscal matters (Documents 684–786)
- Trade policy of the United States toward communist-occupied China:
  - I. Basic policy respecting trade controls and negotiations with the
    British in efforts to implement such controls (Documents 787–843)
  - II. Chinese Communist foreign trade practices: by-passing of
    American consulates; Soviet-Manchurian trade agreement (Documents
    844–911)
  - III. Interest of the United States in Chinese Communist efforts to
    revive trade with Japan (Documents 912–939)
  - IV. Efforts by the United States which would limit shipments of
    petroleum products to Communist-occupied China (Documents 940–987)
- Interest of the United States in Sino-Soviet negotiations respecting
  trade and aviation rights in Sinkiang (Documents 988–1023)
- Status of Tibet: consideration of policy of the United States in view
  of Tibetan claim of independence and danger to Tibet from
  communist-dominated China (Documents 1024–1057)
- Efforts of the Chinese government to close to shipping Chinese ports
  under communist control; attitude of the United States regarding
  restrictions and defiance of them by certain American flag vessels
  (Documents 1058–1191)
- Withdrawal of United States naval forces from Tsingtao (Documents
  1192–1218)
- Evacuation of Americans from China
  - I. Continued planning for evacuation and protection of property;
    department opposition to return of dependents to China; and
    situation after Chinese Communist occupation of Nanking and Shanghai
    (January–July 5) (Documents 1219–1298)
  - II. Arrangements for evacuation of Americans from Shanghai on the
    General Gordon: evacuation warning on Formosa (July 7–December 30)
    (Documents 1299–1417)
- Publication of China White Paper (Documents 1418–1463)
- Index

Persons

Abbreviations & Terms

Historical Documents

- About the Foreign Relations Series
- Status of the Foreign Relations Series
- History of the Foreign Relations Series
- Foreign Relations Ebooks
- Other Electronic Resources
- Guide to Sources on Vietnam, 1969-1975
- Citing the Foreign Relations series
