Russian currency and finance : a currency board approach to reform


Hanke, Steve H.; Jonung, Lars; Schuler, Kurt




1993


Document Version:
Publisher's PDF, also known as Version of record

Link to publication


Citation for published version (APA):
Hanke, S. H., Jonung, L., & Schuler, K. (1993). Russian currency and finance : a currency board approach to
reform. (1. utg. ed.) Routledge.


Total number of authors:
3




General rights
Unless other specific re-use rights are stated the following general rights apply:
Copyright and moral rights for the publications made accessible in the public portal are retained by the authors
and/or other copyright owners and it is a condition of accessing publications that users recognise and abide by the
legal requirements associated with these rights.
 • Users may download and print one copy of any publication from the public portal for the purpose of private study
or research.
 • You may not further distribute the material or use it for any profit-making activity or commercial gain
 • You may freely distribute the URL identifying the publication in the public portal

Read more about Creative commons licenses: https://creativecommons.org/licenses/
Take down policy
If you believe that this document breaches copyright please contact us providing details, and we will remove
access to the work immediately and investigate your claim.




                                                                                                                      LUNDUNI
                                                                                                                            VERSI
                                                                                                                                TY

                                                                                                                      PO Box117
                                                                                                                      22100L und
                                                                                                                      +4646-2220000
Download date: 25. Aug. 2026
